Dolphins must be freeee!!!﻿
_ะราส﻿
e legal daoragostei﻿
Maybe you shut up all you haters, they are well treated and get lots of 
love, just get a life.﻿
Check out this video on YouTube:😴😎😎﻿
Jessica, look at it properly. THEY ARE FEEDING THEM AND TAKIG CARE OF THEM 
U DUMBASS﻿
The girl that was wearing the green suit looks like the girl off the lab 
rats ﻿
Picture your life of incarceration in a oversized bathtub having to do 
stupid pet tricks for your food,instead of being free,able to enjoy the 70% 
area of the planets oceans.﻿
Enslaved and forced to do stupid pet tricks for food and all for 
capitalization,instead of designing artificial educational theme parks like 
the nature center's at responsible parks and recreation.Set those whales 
and all sealife free,if you even set foot in one of these enslavement 
parks,let alone give them 10 cents,you're condoning and supporting part of 
the problem.Watch "Blackfish" the movie. Seaworld you stink,using the 
excuse to continue to incarcerate by building a bigger prison,is just 
that,(double the size of the animals' habitats at its three parks).What did 
those beautiful mammals do to deserve you? ﻿
What an amazing show ﻿
I WENT TO THAT SHOW! :D﻿
THEY ARE KIND I LOVE THEM SO SHUT DONW﻿
 
The dolphins belong to the ocean﻿
is this dolphin show, or people show ???﻿
Slaves﻿
SKREW YOU, SEAWORLD﻿
♥♥ SeaWorld's "Blue Horizons" Dolphin Show (in H…: 
http://youtu.be/3Bk6VPWGi1o﻿
In the golf of Mexico there was a big oiled flood sea worlds saved the 
dolphins with out sea worlds 20% of dolphin life will of ended leaving only 
10% left﻿
People are complaining about sea world all the time, then again, why isn't 
anyone talking about Wild Adventures?﻿
This was the best thing ever!!!😄😍🐬﻿
meu canal: dany canty
Me segue!!﻿
DOLPHIN SHOW IN SAN DIEGO, USA﻿
Do not go to Orlando and see that﻿
Do not go to Orlando﻿
+lakhsassi1986
Your right they do belong to the ocean:(
Although they do look pretty happy.﻿
Gjip﻿
FIRST of all they shouldn't of never taken them away from their natural 
habitat!!!!! Period !!﻿
that was soo coool i want to go there know

i wish i was there right know﻿
Captivity Kills! 
https://www.dosomething.org/tipsandtools/11-facts-about-dolphin-hunts   
Approximately 20,000 dolphins are killed legally each year in Taiji, Japan. 
The majority is killed at sea, but thousands are killed in dolphin hunts 
along coastal lagoons and coves. Dolphin hunts also occur in coastal island 
areas of the South Pacific and North Atlantic but they are nowhere near as 
large as those in Taiji.
Commercial whaling was outlawed in 1986 by the International Whaling 
Commission, but dolphin hunts remain legal.
Dolphin hunts take place both to capture live dolphins for marine parks and 
aquariums and to kill dolphins for their meat.
A live dolphin captured for a marine mammal park can fetch up to $200,000. 
A dolphin killed for meat draws about $600.
In coastal areas, dolphins are hunted by “drive-fishing” or “drive hunting” 
techniques, in which the dolphins are herded into net cages by loud banging 
sounds that disrupt their sensitive sonar, causing them to panic. Once 
trapped in the nets, they are either dragged to shore or to shallow cove 
waters where they remain until slaughtering.
Once a live dolphin is selected for a marine park, aquarium or 
swim-with-dolphins program, it is separated from its close-knit family 
unit, hoisted in trucks and planes and transported from the ocean to a 
far-away pool where it will face stiff odds of survival.
Over half of all captured dolphins will die within 2 years of their 
captivity. They must rapidly adjust to a new environment where they can no 
longer swim their customary 40 miles a day in open waters, engage with 
their social group or use their sonar properly.
Dolphins not selected for marine parks are then “sitting ducks” for local 
fishermen who kill them for the price their meat will fetch. In shallow 
coves, they are killed at close quarters with spears, knives and hooks.
The primary economic driver of dolphin hunting is the multi-million dollar 
marine park business, which allows fishermen the resources to undertake 
additional slaughter for meat.
Most citizens in Japan are unaware of the dolphin hunts and the serious 
toxicity of dolphin meat, which contains high levels of mercury and PCBs.
International attention and protest has helped to halt some dolphin hunts 
in the past but has not stopped the practice from continuing in the 21st 
Century.﻿
Lindo, lindo, lindo, lindo!!!!!﻿
Ok to all you people that think seaworld is animal abuse those Dolphins and 
whales are treated better than they would be in the ocean ok so here's a 
few of reasons 1.Their fed everyday 2.They treat all of the animals 
sicknesses 3.Most of the animals don't preform 4.The ones that do preform 
don't have to do it they do it because they like it and think it's fun also 
those who say tanks suck just because their small most of those tanks cost 
a fourtune also seaworld spends millions of dollars to protect these 
animals honestly I don't who or what you reply to this comment I'm not 
gonna start a fight so I'm not responding to any of you replys﻿
Aie q﻿
Um no they save these animals if their mother has been killed or are 
injured. If they get them as a baby that is motherless and raise it they 
can't release it back into the wild when it's old enough bc it has no 
survival tactics. It would die in an instant. So all you people saying "oh 
they take these animals from the wild for no reason" or "they need to 
release them back to the ocean" are ignorant. If they just took a random 
animal from the wild for no reason that is illegal. ﻿
♥♥ SeaWorld's "Blue Horizons" Dolphin Show (in HD)：
http://youtu.be/3Bk6VPWGi1o﻿
do you really think that those animals are happy ?? that is their smile 
right ?? No!!!﻿
TUYET THAT﻿
I figured out what the other animal is later in the show, a false killer 
whale.﻿
I wish I could meet a dolphin in real life .-. Really smart and beautiful 
creatures! <3﻿
i went to one of those dolphin shows , i do feel bad seeing them being kept 
in tiny pool while in wild these mammals could travels hundreds of miles a 
day. All those sea world lovers imagine how would you feel being kept 
locked in a bathroom for the rest of your lifes aslong as you fed , cleaned 
and let roam around the house with out going outside for awhile ofcourse 
you may live longer because of being protected from outside world danguare 
but would you be happy locked in the same place for the rest of your life 
away from other people and creatures and being fed food containing 
relaxtive medication to calm you down from going insane.﻿
and it just gets worse.....its like watching a car accident and not being 
able to turn away......WHAT A JOKE...WAKE UP AND QUIT EXPLOITING 
ANIMALS.....YOU LOOK STUPID, AND SOONER OR LATER.....EVERYONE WILL SEE, AND 
WE WILL MAKE FUN OF YOU FOR MILLENIUMS TO COME......hahhahahaahaha...STOP 
NOW, WHILE YOU MAY STILL HAVE SOME DIGNITY BEFORE THE REAL JOURNALISTS TEAR 
YOU APART.......YOU LLOOK RIDICULOUS, AND NOONE EVEN JUS A LITTLE AWAKE 
WOULD SUPPORT SUCH STUPIDITY.....﻿
All animals are very clever. With some training and love, they are great :)﻿
lolz very cool video :)﻿
I love sea world Orlando. I love shamu .﻿
Also this pool is the biggest dolphin show pool they have.20.12 ft 
deep.learned in camp﻿
Going to seaworld tomorrow﻿
 Good﻿
Видео вопще улет мне понравилось очень сильно дельфины класные особенно как 
они прыгали прямо загледение﻿
Of there was no SeaWorld a lot of animals would be dead and they need to 
put shows Luke this because keeping these animals is expensive and she of 
those animals were injured or abandoned so there not that bad and the 
dolphin doesn't even need to hunt or worry about starving﻿
I could not stomach more than two minutes watching these hapless dolphins 
forced to perform stupid tricks for dead fish! ﻿
o maigoot﻿
good show﻿
Chlorinated water for these poor dolphins :(﻿
this video makes me want to go to seaworld to enjoy the shows awsome!﻿
If anyone really cares about these dolphins and the issue with Sea 
World, look at the videos on You Tube under the dolphins of Taiji
(Taiji is in Japan) to see how they are captured and murdered by
the thousands there in a most horrible way, it will chill your blood. 
Then how they are trained to perform. Read the articles on the 
Taiji Cove dolphins. Japan is one of the very few countries in the 
world that still abducts dolphins for the world's aquariums and 
marine parks, and many countries, including USA are against 
this extremely savage and cruel practice, the dolphins suffer 
enormously, many of them die during transport and their lives are
much shortened in captivity. Watch the documentary "The Cove".
Do not speculate about these dolphins but find what the reality
of their condition is, and what it takes to entertain us for a little
while. If it wasn't for us buying tickets, these dolphins would 
fulfill the lives they were born to live in freedom and with their 
families. 
﻿
Ok listen I am not FREAKEN talking about sea world the kidnap there 
dolphins but I am talking about clear water marine aquaiam they help 
injured dolphin and release them if they can but winter or hope can not be 
because winter has no tail can't swim fast anoth and can't catch food on 
here own. Hope can't because she was to young when she was found and can't 
catch fish ﻿
Go watch black fish idiots﻿
Porque fazer isso com golfinhos? Muita sacanagem e covardia tudo isso, eles 
viraram atrações e mais uma forma de ganhar dinheiro! Pelo amor de Deus 
parem com isso agora! Deixem eles viverem no mar e em paz... ﻿
I can't actually believe more than 7000 people liked this thing. Dolphins, 
orcas and all other animals have to be FREE!﻿
if people want to make a show that is fine. Don't use animals in shows. 
Dolpins don't belong in a swmmingpool they live in thousend of squares of 
sea. Don't imprisson them they have done nothing to deserve that.﻿
Hope you guys learn clear water marines bio rescue rehab an release ﻿
THIS IS B E A U T I F U L and if I would never see it I wouldnt even know 
how i could live with that.﻿
This show is gorgeous. However, the dolphin show at the Georgia Aquarium is 
10 times better than this.﻿
God, shut up and stop complaining! Sea World is fine, they actually care 
about these animals. Yeah there were accidents, but they've been trying to 
work pass that. This place doesn't need to be shut down, just changed. You 
keep saying ' shut this place down', well they aren't and I don't think 
they should. When an animal is dependent on human interaction to survive it 
takes time and possibly years for them to adjust to being put ' back ' in 
the ocean. Some of you may not think that these animals aren't being 
helped, but you don't know at all. You let media and other stuff get to you 
and you don't know what to think. What do you think is going on in Sea 
World, what do you think is right. To be completely honest, these places 
are actually helping these animals, you may not see that, but I see it. I 
love animals, but sometimes they have to be put in places like Sea World, 
Zoos, and aquariums. We don't know what's going on in their heads, we can't 
say what they want is this, cause we don't know what they really want. And 
to be quite frank with you all, they look almost happy to be messing 
around. They're basically screwing with us and splashing us for fun. We are 
absolute animals to them as they are to us. I bet they freaking enjoy 
getting us wet and making us sick from the water itself. You guys annoy me 
so much with this ' shut this place down crap'. Do you see any difference 
in Sea World being shut down? Is there any notice that is going to be 
closed? No. I don't believe in HARSH captivity, but when it's for a logical 
and good reason to protect and preserve their species, I'm all for it. 
Goodbye﻿
Lovely﻿
*NICE SHOW*﻿
iahndjhenry﻿
what is the larger animal at the end of the show?﻿
I love dopins. They seem happy and there feed they have shelter.Make more 
videos on animals because their awesome!:-) PPLLEEAASSEE:-) :-) :-) :-) :-) 
:-) :-) :-) !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!﻿
Yayyy I love dolphin shows <3﻿
海豚是绝顶聪明的动物，知道人类囚禁他们，不得不低头，以后人类落水了，海豚都会见死不救，甚至上前踩死这些畜生﻿
人真的邪恶，让海豚拿工资生活在那样狭小的空间里。工资结算方式还是一个动作一个报酬，估计表演之前都不给吃的吧。﻿
This show always makes me cry<3 so beautiful!﻿
Check out this video on YouTube:﻿
That's amazing﻿
Love te
﻿
Stop That. Free Those Poor Creatures Imagine All Your Life Being Caged Like 
That In Small Area. Let Them Go To Ocean Meet Friends Etc... Just Like We 
Do! Or All You Want Is Money For Tickets. Get A Life And Make Money 
Yourself Not By Involving Animals!!!!!!!!!! Hope That People Will Manifest 
And Close SeaWorld!﻿
Stop That. Free Those Poor Creatures Imagine All Your Life Being Caged Like 
That In Small Area. Let Them Go To Ocean Meet Friends Etc... Just Like We 
Do! Or All You Want Is Money For Tickets. Get A Life And Make Money 
Yourself Not By Involving Animals!!!!!!!!!! Hope That People Will Manifest 
And Close SeaWorld!﻿
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz﻿
♥♥que hermoso los delfines yo los amo﻿
I went to see this girl and the animals are really happy because they have 
big tanks﻿
wow excellent﻿
it was a great perfomance :)﻿
Nice........﻿
We need to start a petition of setting them free! Like if you agree!﻿
These creatures were made to be wild and free. The Killer whales can no 
longer do the things they would be doing in the wild. Captivity increases 
their risk of mental illness. The cement tanks are not like their natural 
habitats, and most dolphins and orcas swim up to 3 miles each day, but in 
this case they would have to swim around the tanks over 1000 times in a 
day. Orcas never harmed a human in the wild but captive ones have many 
times in the past two decades. Killer Whales are cool creatures indeed but 
they are cooler in the wild. Teaching a couple tricks to an animal doesn't 
change their status. They are dolphins, not a trick artist. 

Orcas have shown aggressive behavior in captivity. Not EVER have they once 
killed a human in the wild. Orcas kept in captivity are fed food already 
killed, in the wild they have the skills to catch their own prey/food. 

Sea world and all the other animal entertainment businesses have brain 
washed the creatures they hold captive. 

I don't care what your opinion is about weather animals should be kept In 
captivity or not, I am basing this on the facts. A true animal lover would 
never keep an animal hostage, just like a child lover wouldn't lock their 
child in their closet forever except to make them preform?

Think about it, 

If it was a child it would be considered child abuse, don't you think we 
should apply to this as animal abuse?

If it was you, 
Would be angry too?
Would you want to be free as well?
Would you also want to independent?
And not have to depend on someone to give you food because you can't catch 
your own?

It's common sence, I hope you would look at the negative sides to animal 
captivity, and realize how horrible it is. 

Let's stand up together and make this world a better place for ALL 
creatures alive on Earth. 

By the way, I am thirteen and By the look of it, I love animals/sea 
creatures more than any one who denies that sea world and other animal 
labor entertainment is good, for the physical, mental, and emotional sides 
of the creature.﻿
Ugh can't watch anymore.  What is wrong with that audience?﻿
Its not ok, that habitat is tiny for a dolphin and they are constantly 
exposed to chlorine.  They cannot exhibit their natural behaviours. 
 Seaworld needs to address this by creating open sea pens and 
rehabilitating their cetaceans.

They are trained via punishment and hunger, and if not bred in captivity 
are captured as babies, during the dolphin hunts in Japan, during which 
they see their mothers being slaughtered.

Watch Blackfish. All this is true.  Object and keep objecting.  Seaworld is 
cruel.﻿
I HATE all of these hate comments I mean common some of these dolphins 
can't be released back into the wild like winter if she was released back 
into the wild she would die because she does not have tail and she never 
was taught how to hunt on her own so see some dolphins can't go back into 
the wild﻿
It's funny because seaworld has never caught any killer whales or dolphins 
from the ocean ﻿
They only buy the best dolphins from "The Cove" financially supporting the 
murder of the thousands of other beautiful dolphins .Good job Sea World.I'm 
sure dolphins are in their ideal home with you.﻿
i feel like that parrot girl is from my ballet class :l she looks like her 
alot﻿
seaworld is and remains a criminal club !﻿
I love dolphins 
soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 
much :-) ;-)﻿
I hope u know sea world and stuff like that lie brake the law and r cruel 
to animals I hate it because 
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️animals!!!!!!!﻿
These scum bags take those dolphins away from their mothers and murder 
them. Then use them to do this crap for the rest of their lives. SICK. 
Don't support places like these.﻿
stop animal torture!! ﻿
daies lol﻿
dayes lol﻿
i went a few datys ago﻿
i love sea world﻿
As I read all of these free the dolphins comments I think about 
something.....we shouldn't free these dolphins, as they only know 
captivity. Releasing them would do more harm than good. If anything, keep 
them from breeding and make the ownership of the animals illegal. My only 
reason for wanting to perpetuate this is because it brings young people 
closer to these animals. Making them easy to observe is what brings people 
to become marine biologists in many cases. Take me for example, thanks to 
SeaWorld I now have a much greater appreciation for cetaceans  and a great 
passion for the ocean. As I became older I discovered the evils lurking 
just below the surface at aquariums....﻿
I went to portagal and went to zoomarine its amazing my faveroit was 
dolpins oh and crocidiles were there﻿
They ride the dolphins instead, because the whales are so dangerous﻿
I went to sea world three weeks ago and it was the exact same show... It 
was a really exciting and beautiful thing to see... Well worth the 
money👍👍👍﻿
How can so many of you be so heartless. Put yourself in these animals' 
place, I'm more than 100% sure that NONE of you would like to be held in 
captivity in a significant amount of space having to do about 5 shows each 
day, don't forget a shortened life span. These are very intelligent animals 
and should be let free, where they belong. That pool isn't enough for them, 
they need the ocean. I know nobody would like to live like that, in a human 
lifestyle that is. You wouldn't want to be taken away from your mom, 
animals FEEL, just take a look at some orca documentaries at how some of 
these animals are taken from their mother, and their mother crying for 
them. I hope it will help everyone have a little more sense.PUT YOURSELF IN 
THEIR POSITION. I truly wish these places get shut down. God bless all 
those beautiful creatures 😔👼﻿
damn i love dolphins.. i want to work with them :(﻿
dolphins are very smart, and they looks happy here..don't judge too 
quickly.. ﻿
beautiful show :)﻿
so sad, go to see animals in their natural habitat﻿
Nice﻿
Woah.Where did the long gown dissappear?﻿
::uh﻿
Is ridiculous how they make of dolphins slaves and the people can't see 
that, can't understand that FREE DOLPHINS ﻿
Dolphins >l:)﻿
Que fofo
﻿
not a place for dolphins.....!﻿
They are such amazing creatures.. I feel so hypocritical by watching this 
because I love it so much but at the same time it hurts me inside to think 
of the poor things having to live a life like this :(  ﻿
 I always want to meet these amazing creatures. Ever since I saw BlackFish 
I can't bring myself to go to Sea World.﻿
muyyyyy hermmosos todos﻿
Dolphin Approves﻿
Dolphins are adorable animals and they are very willing to play and they 
think it's very fun, what is wrong about this is Seaworld say the do 
research but they simply have Dolphins and Orcas for Shows, for example the 
difference between SeaWorld and Vancouver Aquarium is that Vancouver take 
in animals like if they are found stranded sick etc, like now they have 
incredible Dolphins White Headed that swim so fast that not even a Killer 
Whale can swim after them for pray , Vancouver release their animals when 
they are rehabilitated and ready so that's why they are very carefully 
trained (Dolphins) they don't have Orcas there, well now they have a few 
weeks old Orca Baby a so called False Orca that was found, and they are 
going to nurse him (it would take a while) but I don't think that they are 
going to use him if he recovers to Circus acts, never. They are a nonprofit 
organisation. All the themeparks should work this way, we need to take care 
of our animals and not use them as circus acts﻿
watch﻿
Horrible! Free. Dolphins. NOW!﻿
Horrible! Frre﻿
The dolphins seem happy to me ﻿
Please, think about the way of life of dolphins and black fish: Boycott !﻿
I don't get it, the dolphins wouldn't do it if they were abusive, and don't 
freakin CARE ABOUT A MOVIE THINGS CAN BE DIFFERENT, this is something I 
want to do, it's actually better to be in captivey because they be caught 
in nets, hunted to NO MORE! You really want that! I'm reading through 
comments 95% are saying let them go! There safer there! Have you ever seen 
Dolphin Tale! What happens it some dolphin got really hurt and couldn't 
hunt anymore would her back in the ocean to suffer and die! What I've seen 
and read they have huge tanks, feed Daily , and dolphins and whales LOVE 
PREFORMING! I say they have the good life! 
﻿
Did any of the dolphins attack dr trainers????
The killer whales did I was just wondering did the dolphins? Even tho I 
never heard of them doing but I swam with dolphins, dr unreal animals﻿
Watch the movie"Blackfish".See what really goes on in marine 
parks.Cruelty,Suffering Pain.This makes me sick.Please educate yourself!﻿
Magnifique 

panier d'étoiles﻿
What educational value this show has?
The children go home and think dolphins were just clowns. oO
We have to stop Sea World!﻿
Well i think this is awesome! ﻿
Public revulsion is growing every day against this cruelty. Sea World's 
days are numbered.﻿
Dolphins belong in the wild....you keeping them and making them do tricks 
for a show for $$$ you sick fucks waste of humans!! You should be ashamed 
of yourselves heartless souls...so sad﻿
De que si uno pide algoy no li pasan oidi el defin el perro﻿
 I hate when there in small pools﻿
The pool 9 . 40 m deep and also the dolphins go to a bigger tank wen this 
is over﻿
Cool﻿
Seaworld is definitely killings all the dolphin and killer whales by 
maintaining them in captivity... you don't care about animals all you want 
is the money obtained by using them!﻿
shame on you!! They belong on the open seas!! They suffer!! If you like 
capture yourself in prison﻿
Dolpins are smart and they hight chances of : hunted by sharks, trapped in 
crab cages, and evenfishing nets. And dolpins if they stay with a human for 
a couple of years it with make a bond and if they do lget let into the wild 
the wouldn't eat/hunt for themselfs or even be in a pack because they would 
expect the humans to do it for them!﻿
These wonderful animals should not be kept in captivity and should not be 
forced to perform tricks.  Cruel and should be banned.﻿
don de es ese hermoso lugar es beautiful  me podria algien decir donde es? 
111﻿
All animals should be respected; however, they do not know where they are 
kept and how they are treated and the reason, so they live this life 
happily.﻿
돌고래 쇼가 아니고 사람 쇼네. 조연인 돌고래에 박수갈채를 보낸다.﻿
หหหดดะ_้ฉ่ข-ดทดๆ﻿
How many times do I have to say this those dolphins are rescues you idiots 
so you want to free sick dolphins really heartless on my page dolphin 
killers﻿
Amazing show I never seen one licke that﻿
Free the Dolphins and shut down these places!
Never take your childern to watch a dolphin show!!!﻿
 oh shut up! we freed black people! and look how that turned out!!!!!﻿
جميل﻿
I love how they splash people ﻿
ugh, lovley and majestic but they don't belong in tanks.. they belong to 
the ocean humans think these animals are inferior but they help us survive 
and when you think about it if a human abuses an animal they go to jail but 
if a wild animal attacks a human they get put down its just so sickening﻿
Peta fags these days............﻿
Glad I saw this here (skipped most of it). I'd hate to pay good money to 
see this lame show. Thanks for posting.﻿
Guys wil you pleas listen to me 
You all eat meat those animals are killed for you these animals stil live 
and get food after doing a smple trick they also do in the nature so if 
someoan would give me candy every time i do a trick i would love it so tats 
my point﻿
free dolfhins now!!!!!﻿
PETAfreaks here,Petafreaks there,PETAfreaks everywhere.........﻿
Very awesome!!﻿
come to Moon Reef and watch this pods of spinner dolphin puts on their 
natural dancing style...@ Takalana Bay Fiji Island.﻿
Remember "Flipper" the TV program about the dolphin? Well the man that 
trained the dolphins that "Starred" in that TV series is Mr. Richard O' 
Barry. Having watched one of the dolphins die during the training for the 
show, Mr. O' Barry realised the inherent cruelty in keeping dolphins 
captive, in an artificial environment. He discovered that most dolphins 
used in places like this video documents are taken captive in Taiji, Japan 
during the annual dolphin hunt and captivity season each year , (Sept 1st - 
March). He went there to see this for himself, and was so horrified, he 
decided to let the world know what was really behind these dolphin prisons. 
He made a movie in 2009, which won an Oscar that year. The link is below, 
watch it and see if you really feel this type of captivity is worth a few 
photographs.... THE COVE (full video) DOLPHIN INDUSTRY﻿
Please don't support this cruel business, they do horrible things to these 
animals, watch #blackfishmovie  please educate yourselves people :(﻿
Tierquälerei ..  alles nur für den Profit... und was hat das Tier davon .. 
ein Leben in Gefangenschaft .. den Clown spielen. . . ﻿
Blackfish has nothing to do with dolphins﻿
que hermoso﻿
lov this﻿
Lumba lumba lucuu﻿
The dolphins belong to the ocean, not to this horrible tiny tank!﻿
It is absolutely awful to just think that these dolphins were free wild 
dolphins near a small harbor in Taiji, Japan, or another dolphin hell hole 
on earth by 90% chance from Taiji, The Cove (movie) !! The sadness is these 
dolphins breathed the waters stained with the blood from their slaughtered 
family members and pod !! As pretty as the story is, as cool as the trainer 
might seem, they are supporters and promoters of Taiji slaughters.. As a 
decent human being i say BOYCOTT SEA WORLD and ALL DOLPHINARIUMS 
worldwide...take your kids Dolphin or whale watching when on the coast..and 
please no-one start explaining to me they are good they have a rescue 
center..as it is an excuse to do the experiments they do behind doors as in 
trying to get orcas to breed in captivity and having babies that die very 
quickly from which they are even separated from right at birth..what trauma 
trauma trauma to those genuine beautiful animals..!!! By the way I have 
personal proof of what i am saying regarding their capture I witnessed the 
atrocities of Taiji as a Cove Guardian !! Empty the tanks !! ﻿
uh oh! another peta supporter! ⬇️﻿
A﻿
FREE HUMANS NOW TOO﻿
Sea world is bad they keep the dolphins and killer wales in a tiny cage 
free them now ❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️🐬🐳﻿
I think the big takeaway from this is the incredible intelligence exhibited 
by these animals.  Whatever you think of them being in captivity, you can 
definitely see that they are incredibly athletic, smart, and honestly seem 
kinda happy.  There's a really fascinating episode of NOVA Science Now that 
talks about dolphin training and intelligence, which can be viewed here:

Nova Science Now : How Smart Are Dolphins?

It might change the view on studying and training dolphins.﻿
I'm trying to figure out what this has to do with dolphins.  I haven't 
found anything yet.﻿
Now I'm curious.  After the OSHA case, they determined that it was too 
dangerous to allow trainers in the water with the Orcas.  What's the 
verdict on the Bottlenose, False Killer Whales, etc.?﻿
"follow the money"﻿
So Nice Dolphin Show﻿
I like going to Discovery Kingdom and watching the Dolphin shows, they're 
pretty cool!﻿
FREE THE DOLPHINS! ﻿
Bellos!!!﻿
Close these places now and watch The Cove film. ﻿
♥♥ SeaWorld's "Blue Horizons" Dolphin Show (in HD): 
http://youtu.be/3Bk6VPWGi1o﻿
SHUT IT DOWN!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Watch the documentary Blackfish and The Cove
Don't bring your kids to prisons such as +SeaWorld Parks or go swimming 
with the dolphins...
Ca'mon....Humans are not the only species with intelligence and the will to 
live...
Please choose compassion﻿
NO﻿
when i was at seaworld san diego in spring break, they didn't have the guys 
in vulture suits, and the yellow banners didn't come out of the backround!﻿
Very beautiful!  I loved it!!﻿
Hello, Would you all sign my petition Free Shoujo on Care2, Shoujo is an 
albino baby dolphin who is held in captivity in Japan to be sold to 
amusement parks. She is suffering. They injured her when they forcefully 
separated her from her mother. Not long after they separated them her 
mother went into a shock state, she stopped breathing and died. Her baby 
Shoujo is staying in a small pool currently.﻿
بسم الله الرحمان الرحيم إرحموا من في الأرض يرحمكم من في السماء....﻿
this can not be right﻿
Guys if the dolphins didn't want to do it they would say!! They do it 
because it's in there natural instinct!! They love people !! ﻿
Lovely >///<﻿
าร﻿
าร﻿
Php gear,.
﻿
I remember when SeaWorld at least attempted to put a small amount of 
education in their shows. Now everything is about "entertainment". I do not 
support SeaWorld because they have lost sight of what is important, 
education and rehabilitation not entertainment and profit.﻿
dam is this supposed to be a dolphin show or a damn bird show .﻿
While its a good show, seeing these inteligent animals forced down and 
reduced to a circus clown breaks my hearth﻿
Hello, Would you all sign my petition Free Shoujo on Care2, Shoujo is an 
albino baby dolphin who is held in captivity in Japan to be sold to 
amusement parks. She is suffering. They injured her when they forcefully 
separated her from her mother. Not long after they separated them her 
mother went into a shock state, she stopped breathing and died. Her baby 
Shoujo is staying in a small pool currently. She is in a state of terror 
pacing back and forth between the walls of the pool. There is a video by 
Denise Marcel on YouTube with the title White Baby Albino Dolphin Shoujo at 
Taiji Whale Museum. This video shows her and other dolphins in the small 
pool where they are currently held. Dolphins and whales need to swim high 
speed for hundreds of miles each day in order to stay healthy. Capturing, 
selling, enslaving and slaughtering of dolphins and whales needs to become 
outlawed worldwide. I made several videos regarding Shoujo, one of them is 
my song for her. I encourage everybody to make a song for her as well and 
write to as many politicians as you can in this regard. Would you send this 
petition to everybody you know? Also please share this information and the 
petition as widely as possible. Thank you very much. Nicola﻿
poor dolphins :((﻿
Who would pay money to watch dolphins do flips? It's the dumbest thing 
ever. I am against captivity, but who would even pay to see this.﻿
I love this!❤️ I want to become a trainer so bad! 🐬﻿
If you hate SeaWorld and want people to leave, DON'T WATCH IT!!!! It will 
only make matters worse.﻿
I love sea world it's the best﻿
I love this video﻿
This is not entertaining, it is aninal abuse and cruelity! Poor animals. 
Only sick and cruel people are doing this to the them. 
It is wild animals, there are not meant to be in small pools!!
People should stop going to watch these cruel shows and watch a f*** movie! 
﻿
Pauvre bêtes, c'est pas un métier c'est l'homme qui rend esclave les 
animaux et sa se passe dans tout les parcs. Merci a tout se qui sont humain 
et qui veulent que tout c'est animaux soit en liberté comme sa plus de biz. 
C'est pas une passion c'est pas beau de voir des espèces qui étais la avant 
nous et qu'à cause de L'homme ils soient enfermé et joue a faire des tours 
pour manger, pour moi tout se qui font ou qui encourage sa ne sont pas 
humain il pense qu'a eux et non au animaux. Ils sont la pour donner du rêve 
bien rêvé pendant se temps des animaux sauvage s'ont malheureux. C'est pas 
des animaux de compagnie alors les personne qui on rien compris, ferons la 
perte de se monde et il ne pense pas a l'avenir.
 Poor animal it is not a job(business) it is the man who returns slave 
animals and his(her,its) quite takes place in all the parks thanks to 
everything those who are human and who want that all animals is free as 
his(her,its) most Biz. It is not a passion it is not beautiful to see 
sorts(species) which was the Advent we that because of Lhomme is locked and 
plays to make tours(towers,ballots) to eat for me all which makes or which 
encourages in his(her,its) are not human he(it) think that has they and not 
in animals. They are there to give of the dream dreamed well during this 
wild time(weather) animals are unfortunate. It is not pets then the people 
who understood nothing will make the loss and does not think in the future﻿
These dolphins aren't "in pain". I agree that all of them should be free, 
but those people actually love and take good care of them.
Also, nature hasn't been what it is suposed to be for a long time.﻿
They are beutful﻿
Pauvre bêtes, c'est pas un métier c'est l'homme qui rend esclave les 
animaux et sa se passe dans tout les parcs. Merci a tout se qui sont humain 
et qui veulent que tout c'est animaux soit en liberté comme sa plus de biz. 
C'est pas une passion c'est pas beau de voir des espèces qui étais la avant 
nous et qu'à cause de L'homme ils soient enfermé et joue a faire des tours 
pour manger, pour moi tout se qui font ou qui encourage sa ne sont pas 
humain il pense qu'a eux et non au animaux. Ils sont la pour donner du rêve 
bien rêvé pendant se temps des animaux sauvage s'ont malheureux. C'est pas 
des animaux de compagnie alors les personne qui on rien compris, ferons la 
perte de se monde et il ne pense pas a l'avenir.
 Poor animal it is not a job(business) it is the man who returns slave 
animals and his(her,its) quite takes place in all the parks thanks to 
everything those who are human and who want that all animals is free as 
his(her,its) most Biz. It is not a passion it is not beautiful to see 
sorts(species) which was the Advent we that because of Lhomme is locked and 
plays to make tours(towers,ballots) to eat for me all which makes or which 
encourages in his(her,its) are not human he(it) think that has they and not 
in animals. They are there to give of the dream dreamed well during this 
wild time(weather) animals are unfortunate. It is not pets then the people 
who understood nothing will make the loss and does not think in the future﻿
I'm jealous ﻿
This is wrong in many ways..Shame on these people﻿
India’s Ministry of Environment and Forests has decided to forbid the 
keeping of captive dolphins for public entertainment anywhere in the 
country.
1. Every individual cetacean has the right to life.
2. No cetacean should be held in captivity or servitude; be subject to 
cruel treatment; or be removed from their natural environment.
3. All cetaceans have the right to freedom of movement and residence within 
their natural environment.
4. No cetacean is the property of any State, corporation, human group or 
individual.
5. Cetaceans have the right to the protection of their natural environment.
6. Cetaceans have the right not to be subject to the disruption of their 
cultures.
7. The rights, freedoms and norms set forth in this Declaration should be 
protected under international and domestic law.﻿
I saw this show and there were several Japanese business men and women 
there asking for menus.﻿
Whales are not meant to be kept in captivity. Do something to make a 
change! I've started a petition to keep whales wild! Please sign it here: 
http://www.thepetitionsite.com/361/582/364/keep-whales-out-of-captivity/

Also check out keepwhalesoutofcaptivity.blogpot.ca﻿
WoW﻿
yeah , keap all those animals in captivity , sure siuts them well *coght*﻿
Wow, people really pay money to watch this crap? Anyone who is entertained 
by the suffering of another being is uneducated, selfish, soulless and 
ignorant﻿
this is utter manipulation for profits of wild creatures its abhorrent to 
me﻿
I hope I live to see the day that it is illegal to hold these animals in 
captivity. I hope I see it happen with circus animals too. Such cruelty. It 
is disgusting.﻿
wow.. what a show!!﻿
SeaWorld's rollercoasters are the best﻿
cool﻿
Combien d'humains feraient le singe ainsi , comme le Dauphin, et tout cela 
enfermé dans une CAGE!!!!????En plus ,l'homme est déjà assez stupide, et ne 
voit que ça ne rapporte que de l'argent. Mais bon SANG, quand auront nous 
compris que cet animal a un univers bien à lui, l'OCEAN, et qu'il doit y 
vivre libre et non dans un bassin petit comme un mouchoir de poche!!!C'est 
inhumain, et c'est juste avec les humains qu'il faudrait faire tous ces 
shows!!!!﻿
qui   chato﻿
Sick, just sick.﻿
I actually did just realise how horrible this is  

This is something that we don't need to survive, we don't NEED to make 
animals suffer, we just do it because we want to WATCH it

IF THE TRAINERS TRULY LOVE THE ANIMALS, THEN THEY SHOULD QUIT THEIR JOBS.﻿
It was cool and cut﻿
Dolphins are beautiful creatures. i hope to free them all one day. Such 
intelligent creatures :
)﻿
Am.a.zing﻿
FREE ALL ANIMALS! ﻿
Boycott seaworld﻿
THIS IS NOT A FORM OF ENTERTAINMENT THIS IS SICK.﻿
puffer fish Protecting itself while an attack﻿
樂導﻿
good , i like this.﻿
If you love animals, watch this!!!   Earthlings - Full length documentary 
(multi-subtitles)﻿
Everyone who likes this is just poor ... start thinking about this animal 
abusing!!!﻿
i don't get why the dolphins are even a necessary part of this whole thing. 
it's just this trite fairytale play with people doing acrobatics that has 
some dolphins swim around to draw crowds lol﻿
Please stop this cruelty. Though beautiful has a lot of suffering. ﻿
Sign the petition to free Tilkum:

http://www.change.org/petitions/seaworld-inc-humanely-release-the-orca-whale-known-as-tilikum-to-a-seapen-for-rehab
﻿


and share this link everywhere if you too want Tilly to be free.﻿
Stop saying "FREE THE DOLPHINS!"! The dolphins do tricks to make other 
people happy and they are perfectly fine. They aren't abused. They get 
food, fresh water, and everything they need to survive! And do you think 
anybody would boycott sea world at this time? I wouldn't think so. And 
telling people to watch blackfish and the cove isn't really going to do 
anything. So stop complaining about how they should free the dolphins and 
enjoy the video!﻿
If you are thinking of going to any dolphin show, or 'swim with the 
dolphins', please watch Blackfish and The Cove first! Captivity kills!﻿
butifull﻿
dolphins do not belong in captivity﻿
รา . ,﻿
รา . ,﻿
รา . ,﻿
add me pls . dai mojta﻿
wonderful﻿
Amazing show, ive almost finished classes and have an internship at sea 
world, can't wait I'm hoping to be a dolphin/sea lion trainer﻿
Shut down SeaWorld!!!﻿
a great show..make sure you view it in HD...﻿
So cruel. How any intelligent human being can call this "entertainment", is 
beyond my comprehension.﻿
Put them back in the sea. They probably are missing their family and stop 
capturing them﻿
Dog.﻿
PLEASE EDUCATE YOURSELF ABOUT THE PLIGHT OF CAPTIVE DOLPHINS AND WHALES...

CAPTIVITY IS CRUEL AND MUST END.  

ONLY YOU, AS THE PATRONS, HAVE THIS POWER.

 DO NOT BUY THAT TICKET.  ﻿
Jk v pi op pl﻿
Boycott Seaworld!  ﻿
Shut down SeaWorld!!!﻿
Why are people liking this?? This is a sad attempt to get none thinking 
people to support this very cruel captive corporation!!! It's all about the 
money.. God never wanted us to bank off of his creation. Very sad ﻿
Put it this way... We humans are captured from our homes, taken from our 
families, forced to perform just to survive. We are harshly treated if we 
do not perform well and our new home will be a tiny , metal box. FREE THEM.﻿
Yea I see dolphins all the time doing tricks in the wild because they want 
to...NOT  Starved so they will do tricks for food...right? NO    and where 
and what do they do for the rest of the day when they are not doing your 
"entertainment?" Please show us that part....Taiji Japan and the dolphin 
hunts love you guys...﻿
I am so happy that the majority of these posts are talking about how 
disgusting this is.﻿
โลมา﻿
Don't go!!!! Watch Blackfish and The Cove

Your going will cause more dolphins captured and killed.
1 dolphin captured = 17 killed
Taiji 60s - The horror behind the curtain - Sign our petition now‬

Captured dolphins lead miserable lives. Most die within the first 2 years 
of captivity. Ex-trainer said they simply have given up on living. Some 
committed suicide.
Illusions Of Captivity: The Unseen Dolphin Show [Not Graphic]﻿
Save the Hectors and Maui Dolphins of new zealand please sign now!
https://www.change.org/en-GB/petitions/save-maui-s-dolphins-from-extinction#share
﻿
 L﻿
love sea world going next weekend.﻿
Facinante.escribe.wasa676560491. Email.cesarrodriguez55a@gmail.com.gracias. 
soy de tenerife﻿
WOW﻿
イルカ超かわいいな。大好きだわイルカさん﻿
watch it on youtube - BLACKFISH﻿
Bellissimo f﻿
Some Orcas Were Kidnapped and Sent to SeaWorld
Five orcas currently at SeaWorld were kidnapped from their ocean homes, as 
were others who have since died. For example, Tilikum, a 32-year-old orca, 
was captured at the age of 2 by a marine "cowboy." Tilikum wasn't taken 
from his natural environment because he was injured—instead, he was torn 
away from his family against his will and confined to a small concrete tank 
for a hefty profit.

Diving With Dolphins Harms
A scientific study by Newcastle University found that dolphins in close 
proximity to humans experience extreme stress, "preventing them from 
resting, feeding or nurturing their young." Despite these findings, 
SeaWorld continues to allow park guests to swim and touch dolphins at its 
Discovery Cove location in Orlando, Florida.

Killed If Not Captured
In 1965, the first-ever orca show was performed by a female orca named 
Shamu at SeaWorld San Diego. During Shamu's capture, her mother was shot 
with a harpoon and killed before the young orca's very eyes by a marine 
"cowboy" named Ted Griffin. Griffin's partner, Don Goldsberry, later worked 
for SeaWorld and was assigned to bring orcas into the park. He continued 
kidnapping and slaughtering orcas, and at one point, he hired divers to 
slit open the bellies of four orcas, fill them with rocks, put anchors 
around their tails, and sink them to the bottom of the ocean so that their 
deaths would not be discovered.

Trainers Masturbate the Whales to Collect Sperm
In nature, orcas choose their own mates. But at SeaWorld, orcas are forced 
to breed on a regular basis. Male orcas are trained to float on their 
backs, and their trainers masturbate them to collect their sperm. Females 
are artificially inseminated and forced to breed at a much younger age than 
they would in nature. Katina was forced to breed when she was only 9 years 
old (at least five years earlier than she would have naturally bred in the 
wild). Now she is used as a virtual breeding machine and is even being 
inbred with her own sons.

Unsafe For SeaWorld's Trainers
SeaWorld's corporate incident log contains reports of more than 100 
incidents of orca aggression at its parks, often resulting in injuries to 
humans and even causing one death by extensive internal bleeding.

Following a 2006 attack by an orca on a trainer at SeaWorld in San Diego, 
the California Division of Occupational Safety and Health concluded that it 
was "only a matter of time" before someone was killed while interacting 
with the orcas. A further investigation into these attacks could have 
prevented injuries and deaths.

Orcas In Captivity Have A Shorter Lifespan
Orcas in the wild have an average life expectancy of 30 to 50 years—their 
estimated maximum life span is 60 to 70 years for males and 80 to more than 
100 for females. The median age of orcas in captivity is only 9.

Collapsed Dorsal Fins Are Not Normal or Healthy
In captivity, all male orcas have collapsed dorsal fins as adults, which is 
a sign of an unhealthy orca. SeaWorld claims that this condition is common 
and natural for all orcas. However, collapsed dorsal fins are caused by the 
unnatural environment of captivity and are rarely seen in the wild. Only 1 
to 5 percent of male orcas in some populations (and none in others) have 
fully collapsed dorsal fins.

Trainers are Performers, not Biologists 
Contrary to popular belief, trainers often have no formal education in 
marine biology. Their main purpose is to entertain and put on a "good" show 
for visitors, not educate people about the intelligence, social nature, or 
natural families, foraging behavior, and habitats of the animals held at 
SeaWorld.

SeaWorld Fails to Care for Animals
On January 11, 2012, the USDA issued an official warning to SeaWorld San 
Antonio for its "repeated failure to provide drain covers that are securely 
fastened in order to minimize the potential risk of animal entrapment"—a 
violation that resulted in the death of a sea lion.

In March 2013, prompted by PETA's complaint about a child who had been 
bitten by a dolphin at SeaWorld, the USDA conducted an investigation and 
cited the marine park for several violations of the Animal Welfare Act, 
including the use of expired surgical materials, some almost a decade old. 
The USDA also documented that a dolphin tank and the areas surrounding the 
orca performance tank were in disrepair and contained cracked and crumbling 
concrete and rusty beams that could pose a threat to the health and safety 
of both the animals and workers. The USDA pointed out that the unsafe 
conditions "might create a health risk if these pieces of concrete fall off 
into the pool and get ingested, or if they become abrasive" and that they 
"do not facilitate cleaning and disinfection."

Animals Suffer in Cramped, Unnatural Living Conditions
SeaWorld confines whales and dolphins—who often swim up to 100 miles a day 
in the wild—to tanks that, to them, are the size of a bathtub.

SeaWorld presents itself as a family establishment full of fun 
"educational" activities. However, these activities harm animals physically 
and emotionally. SeaWorld has the financial means and ability to create 
coastal sanctuaries, where the orcas would have a more natural and less 
stressful life and where they could feel the tides and waves; see, sense, 
and communicate with their wild relatives and other ocean animals; and 
engage in other natural behavior that they are now denied. However, the 
park instead chooses to stick with the same inhumane business model that it 
has used for 50 years, despite all the violent and deadly incidents and 
evidence of harm. Please say NO to SeaWorld and its enslavement of animals 
by refusing to buy a ticket to this abusement park, and ask the marine park 
to release these animals to sanctuaries.﻿
Pobres delfines utilizados como esclavos, como payasos para la entretención 
de la masa humana ignorantes de lo que sucede en Taiji, tu boleto a estos 
shows solo compra la muerte de miles de delfines en Taiji, asco!!!﻿
Assassinos!Vermes!!!!﻿
Just because dolphins are born in captivity does not mean they are 
domesticated....the process of domestication takes thousands of years of 
selective breeding at least.......thats how we got the dog. People 
arguments that they are "happy" are bull as they just want to justify what 
they think they see. I'm researching the long term affects and its not at 
all good. Even if you watch videos of when they aren't performing you can 
see clear depression as they are confined to a bathtub conpared to the sea. 
﻿
STOP SEA WORLD﻿
dolphin﻿
frozen fish and show tunes.ahhh the good life for a captive dolphin....NOT﻿
http://embassy.goabroad.com/embassies-of/japan#855  list of japan 
embaccies, only takes 2 seconds, send them something like you japenesse 
shitheads stop killing the dolphins, or similar.﻿
+julieannboo I think you may have a point﻿
It can still be seaworld if it only has rides and water you know!﻿
There is so much wrong with Seaworld. All they do is lie and kill. The 
animals are forced to perform and all they get is dead fish and a ball for 
5 minutes! Imagine being in a bathtub or jail for a very long time. Nothing 
would have happened if they just kept the animals in their freeing natural 
habitat. What is the point of killing humans and animals with captivity?! 
The animals get frustrated and show aggressiveness to trainers and tank 
mates. It drives me nuts how sad it would be being in jail for 30 years 
innocent! 
They torture and humiliate animals for their pleasure! These kind of people 
are mad! Seaworld continues to train animals even though they learned their 
lesson and know that their is a high risk of trainers and animals to get 
killed even when trainers have a distance from the animals! You cannot just 
take something and make it yours! Seaworld is cruel. Watch Blackfish to see 
the truth!.....﻿
Like this comment for the Dolphins lives. Please, please show your support 
and click on any of these links, and share this comment all over youtube or 
dolphins could or will run into extinction. 

http://savejapandolphins.org/

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/karen-dawn/is-japans-dolphin-slaughter-really-for-food_b_4656345.html

http://www.techtimes.com/articles/2814/20140120/japan-launches-annual-drive-hunt-of-dolphins-250-bottlenose-dolphins-will-be-butchered.htm

Tribute to the Dolphins of Taiji - Stop the Slaughter, Enough is Enough!!!


the world appreciates your help
thank you﻿
Btw I love dolphins﻿
Wow everybody is going PETA in these comments you do know that this video 
is not from the sea world channel right so what your saying is not gona 
help anybody not even the dolphins :/﻿
I saw that show awsome ﻿
Lucky candy cat lol I have to travel like 3 hours by plane to get their﻿
A true Dolphin lover does not support this kind of thing. If you disagree, 
then you're NOT!! 

Parents also should not educate their children by letting them watch the 
fake live actions in the park, but in the wild!!

Read this you heartless people! 

http://www.peta.org/issues/animals-in-entertainment/zoos-pseudo-sanctuaries/aquariums-marine-parks/
﻿
You people are so pure evil. How can you still not see the truth?? SeaWorld 
or whatever the marine park names, they are all the same! Dolphins and 
Whales are not meant to be used as tools to amuse humans! They deserve free 
life in the wild! The more you people agree to have Dolphins and Whales in 
marine parks, the more of them will die, the more population of death you 
shall see in the future!! How about I take you guys in and preform Humans 
tricks instead? Take away your freedom just to amuse other humans, what 
says you??﻿
Boycott all Amusement Parks and Marine Parks on Earth. I do not want to see 
live Dolphins and Whales being used as entertainment purposes without 
actually care about their feelings! Boycott slaughtering, eating, selling 
and Dolphin entertainment, boycott Taiji!!

Want to watch live Dolphins and Whales in action?? Go rent a boat and 
travel to the sea. Much better than watching them in Amusement Parks and 
Marine Parks.﻿
I wish I was a dolphin(﻿
I go to Sea World a lot because I live 1 hour away from Orlando but it is 
sooooooo fun!!!!!! ❤❤﻿
I dislike sea world and the taiji cove
﻿
The loud music must mess with the dolphins real badly.﻿
So perverse. Messing with an animals food supply so it does tricks like a 
circus monkey.﻿
SHAME !!!!!
Japanese dolphin roundup controversy﻿
http://melissaasmith.hubpages.com/hub/blackfish-film I'll let this 
paragraph do the talking. Seriously guys, Blackfish is incredibly 
misleading and stupid. There's so much they left out. Orca whales and 
Dolphins are NOT dogs.
Just.. Read the article. Don't come crying back to me, bark at the author 
if you wanna bicker. All I'm saying is there's nothing wrong with shows, 
people like them and it's not like the dolphin's aren't getting fed or 
something. How is it abuse? They were saved and are now getting taken care 
of, Wouldn't you be greatful? What makes you think they want to go back? XD
Seriously though, read the article. It may "open your eyes" As you all say 
Blackfish did to you. -___-﻿
Since the start of the season on September 1st, 2013 a total of 1,187 
dolphins from six species have been driven into the cove in Taiji, Japan. 
Of this total 618 were slaughtered, 422 were released and 146 were 
live-capture. Visit The Cove on Facebook and www dot thedodo dot com Stop 
supporting the abusement parks!﻿
These dolphins were captured during the Taiji dolphin massacre in Japan. 
 This brutal process kills hundreds of dolphins and bloodies an entire bay. 
 Save the dolphins, never support these dolphin prisons.﻿
Kieko lives on! Don't support captive marine animals!﻿
seaworld buys its dolphins from the drive hunt in taiji, watch the cove! 
those dolphins you enjoy watching flip around for frozen fish watched their 
families slaughtered for meat, they're traumatized from the start! your 
ticket to SW pays for this slaughter. ﻿
Just so you know. The baby is more than likely spyhopping to find its pod. 
Dolphins stay with their families forever and a baby will stay with it's 
mother until it is around 5 or 6 years old. This baby will have been taken 
from it's mother in the wild and it's mother will have been slaughtered for 
meat. This is how the dolphins in marine parks are acquired. There are 
currently over 250 dolphins in the cove in Japan. 61 babies/juveniles have 
been ripped from their mothers and families and will be sold all around the 
world (no doubt, this is where this baby in your video has come from). 
Check out Cove Guardians for info. and watch this video The Cove | Film 
Trailer | Participant Media . Please don't visit a marine park again. Thank 
you.  ﻿
two word for this video
"greedy human"﻿
Pure slavery...Seaworld is pathetic. ﻿
Can every one please just shut up for one second? Instead of shouting "FREE 
THE DOLPHINS!!!!", take a moment to realize why they are there.. The sea 
creatures that preform and live there have been injured beyond 
rehabilitation back into the wild. Sea World cares for their animals and if 
they were really abusing them they would have been shut down long ago. So 
before you ignorantly shout nonsense, take a moment to analyze the facts.﻿
Heartbreaking that anyone would ever pay a dollar to Sea World. Watch 
Blackfish people! Educate yourselves! I'm sorry it took me so long to watch 
it. I deeply regret ever going to Sea World.﻿
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10152571259664616&set=a.123554084615.127725.120001599615&type=1&theater
﻿
"When the three dolphins were moved from the aquariums to a sea pen in May, 
Sampal found a hole in the net and escaped on June 22. It was only five 
days until she had rejoined the pod she'd been taken from four years 
earlier." 
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/07/30/jedol-chunsam-sampal-dolp_n_3672648.html
Even though these dolphins were in captivity for 4 years, they could still 
locate and rejoin their pod (family) once they were released. Amazing!﻿
SeaWorld is a disgrace to this World! How can they live knowing that the 
animals they CAPTURED were tortured when they were being caught. ﻿
How do you know the dolphins and humans didn't have soul agreements to 
experience this; for example, these dolphins might of agreed to allowing it 
to happen before their souls entered the dolphin body.﻿
โลมา﻿
After watching this, no one can say this is not a circus!
Zero education and a pathetic form of entertainment.﻿
Blackfish﻿
a great show..make sure you view it in HD...﻿
they are treated very well...these are happy dolphins...they are the star 
of the show. i saw this show over 30 years ago and man has it improved! I 
want to go back!﻿
real long and boring music but dolphins and girl trick real cute﻿
For once in my life can I please go to the comment section and see nothing 
but COMPLIMENTS instead of "Free this animal" and "Free that animal"? For 
those of you who are IGNORANT to the situation some of these animals are 
brought to these facilities because they either are too injured or 
handicapped to be able to fend for themselves out in the wild. OR they were 
born and raised in these facilities due to their parents being nursed here. 
They do not abuse these animals, they reward them, they use their 
intelligence to bring happiness to others... QUIT COMPLAINING AND ENJOY 
WHAT YOU CAN"T SEE IN THE WILD. If the animals felt like they were being 
abused, they would strike back! They aren't stupid creatures. It is 
instinct for them to defend themselves if they feel like they are in 
danger.  -sighs- I am done ranting...for now. ﻿
Very nice dolphin show... thank you...﻿
im taking my son to florida for a once in a lifetime trip but we will not 
be setting foot in this cruel place﻿
Disgusting humans, free all the killer whales & dolphins you have captured 
to be in this shows. And you disgusting humans that go to this shows could 
just die..﻿
que  bonitos  dlefines
 ﻿
watch " the cove "﻿
I love SeaWorld.﻿
I don't think the dolphins are as abused as the killer whales I mean the 
dolphins are like 5 tons smaller than the whales and have the same amount 
of space as the whales. ﻿
FREE DOLPHINS AND ALL MARINE ANIMALS THEY ARE NOT FOR OUR AMUSEMENT ﻿
FREE DOLPHINS﻿
Seaworld doesn't care about the animals they just want to make money watch 
black fish I went to seaworld many times but now I feel bad for those 
animals !!! ﻿
Spectacular show! Just that it is disturbing to see dolphins performing. 
Dolphins belong to the wild. They don't do well in captivity. In the wild, 
a young dolphin is protected by it's own pack from harm. To catch just one, 
the parents and the whole pack have to be killed. We do more harm to their 
population that way.﻿
those people went there for Dolphins and what they got most of the time was 
those stupid freaking Parrot drama.. trololololol :D :D :D﻿
Check out this video on YouTube:﻿
They belong in the sea. This is a circus. What a waste of one of the 
earth's most beautiful creatures.﻿
They show behind the senses, but that doesn't mean there telling the truth ﻿
The amazement in children that comes from these shows is absolutely 
incredible. When I was 4 years old I got to sit on Shamu and I will never 
forget the time, the place, and the feeling of wonder of that moment for 
the rest of my life.
I'm sorry that some of you feel like this animals are whipped to an inch of 
their lives and treated like slaves, but there are always positives to 
things, and watch all of the kids faces, and 90% of the adults. There is 
good going on here, and I will always be thankful for the magic these shows 
gave me.﻿
I seen the shamu show I sat in the water zone and got wet the water was so 
cold but it was really fun🐋🐋﻿
Love it﻿
Poor dolphins there supposed to be free not a be a prisoner﻿
hey kids let's go see whales in cages that do tricks to survive﻿
תחשבו ליבכות או לישמוח﻿
What a miserable existence for those poor animals. #Tweet4taiji  ﻿
So pretty and impression >‿< ♥﻿
The dolphins are beautiful ﻿
A real circus abusing animals.....﻿
Do people seriously just watch these videos just so they can post about how 
people are cruel monsters and idiots, sheeple, ignorant, etc. Really do you 
just wanna get into a fight? Here's the thing being aggressive and calling 
everyone a moron won't do you any good. Saying things like "educate 
yourself" is what a douche sounds like. Doing things like this and telling 
people that they are stupid and wrong won't do any good. Do you think 
people will change their opinions just because a random person on the 
internet tells them they're wrong? It won't. You're not gonna change 
anyone's mind and you only make yourselves look like a jerk. If you don't 
like it, don't watch it. It's simple. Worry about yourselves and let other 
people crash and burn. It's not your problem. ﻿
I just love how everyone watches documentaries about things and then 
believes that they are experts on the subject.  No one even thought twice 
about the subject before.  One more piece of information- every documentary 
ever, only shows one side of a story, only gives pros or cons to the 
subject matter, never both; they all either lean left or right and they 
don't tell both sides. Maybe everyone should just read pros and cons of the 
subject matter- do thorough research, hear from both parties, and decide in 
an unbiased manner.  It's called logic.  Don't let your emotions and 
bleeding hearts cloud your minds and blind you, people will use your 
emotions to make you believe what they believe- every documentary does it.﻿
Appreciating these animals is one thing but this is nothing short of 
teaching bears to dance. This is NOT natural or nature !! Go and take a 
dolphin watching tour instead.﻿
Well, all the people that make animals suffer are pure nazi. they are not 
human-beings, and they will suffer hell, they and all their families!! ﻿
Bravo,thank you very much for this video.I love Dolphins.Valentina﻿
Let the dolphins free. They don't deserve to be in captivity in pool for 
people to profit from them. There is nothing other than commercial reason 
for us people to do this to wild dolphins to be coerced in to man made aqua 
pool. They have reasons to be existing away from all the hyped up musical 
enhancement to which we clap our ape  hands upon them.﻿
Nothing wonderful here. Prisoners working everyday with no hope.﻿
Oh, would you look at that... A fucking circus. I am not in the least bit 
impressed. I still think SeaWorld needs to be shut down, and release all of 
the animals. They are just not put on this earth for our entertainment. I 
cannot express this enough. The documentary Blackfish made me open my eyes 
a whole lot and realizing that this isn't right at all. Whether it's 
dolphins, killer whales, sea lions, etc.﻿
 
SEA WORLD AND THER PARKS ARE ORCA & DOLPHIN PRISONS..ONLY IN HERE  "THEY 
MAKE TONS OF MONEY"....everyone grieves the loss of trainers, but the ORCA 
and DOLPHINS ARE STILL FORCED TO PERFORM TO THIS DAY....SHAME ON YOU!!!﻿
FREE DOLPHINS NOW﻿
WRONG..feed dead fish and keep them in a swimming pool..starve 
them....watch black fish or the cove...evil people﻿
Good luck﻿
WATCH BLACKFISH - then decide if you still think this is a magical 
experience.
Ever wonder how thwy all came to live in these tanks? ....

maybe we don't all want to know. ﻿
snorky﻿
Посмотрите это видео на YouTube﻿
+Владимир Есипов +Светлана Николаенко +Владимир Богатищев +Милана Улеева +Влад 
Киримов +ышечка Архипов +Валерия Чистяк      Красиво согласен. В *Сочи не 
хуже смотрите по ссылке **Дельфины обладают шестым чувством видеть сквозь 
предметы** .*﻿
My future career <33﻿
i wonder where this show was﻿
i got back from holiday from jamaica and to swim with the dolphin was 150 
euro and that is £75 in english money i would enjoyed it if there was any 
show in jamaica﻿
Got any idea how many thousands of these beautiful, self aware, 
human-intelligent animals get butchered for a few of them to get to some 
"blue horizons" aquarium only to die or commit suicide in one or two years? 
To all these brainless parents supporting this criminal industry: I wish 
your stupid fat kids someday gets abducted and thrown into some circus, for 
the amusement of others, until they die or kill them selves!﻿
as a former dolphin king, I shall capture some humans with a monkey net, 
bring them to my "aquarium" and force them do shows 3 times a day, on 
weekdays and weekends.  no, they may not go back to their home﻿
am going to do it﻿
I love it﻿
Thank u for sharing great job guys! Much luv!﻿
These Dolphins were bred in captivity. They are like Domestic Dolphins.  
Why don't  you guys "Free" your dog into the forest??
Oh cuz it will die in a day.   ﻿
It was great not cruel﻿
http://dolphinproject.org/﻿
All I see here is pain. ﻿
Would you live in a bathtub?﻿
Free them﻿
You people are monsters how would u like it if someone took u from ur home 
and loved ones and keps u in captivity for years amd forse you to make a 
fool of yourself for other peoples entettainmrnt?!?!?! Ecaxly now free them 
Bitches!!!﻿
fair enough it can be cruel, but they are dangered in the sea cos there is 
sick people that enjoy killing wildlife!﻿
Para el mundo animal ﻿
Let the wild life live free in the ocean, let them go!﻿
Peter, actually no their hitting their head against the wall IS a sign of 
stress.  Watch the video on here of Winter the dolphin, and how she does 
this.  This poor girl is expected to perform 3 times a day, seven days a 
week and it's obvious she doesn't want to.  I will not patronize any place, 
nor watch any program (or film) that portrays dolphins doing tricks just 
for the amusement of humans.  It's wrong and yet these places continue to 
do it.  If they REALLY want to educate ppl they will stop this once and for 
all. Incidentally, I'm also against those who boast of petting, kissing, or 
swimming with dolphins.  They are NOT pets!  Treat them with respect!﻿
Hmm... I see your point but as too my knowledge they do try to keep them 
entertained as well as possible. playing games and doing shows is supposed 
to keep them happy. Also I think it's more boredom than stress. I have 
heard of that happening with many species. Also, comparing a neighborhood 
and a tank IS a bit of stretch. my main purpose in writing the comment was 
mostly because of the uninformed people who simply said "Watch The Cove" 
and "SeaWorld is Evil". You seem well informed though.
Hmm... I see your point but as too my knowledge they do try to keep them 
entertained as well as possible. playing games and doing shows is supposed 
to keep them happy. Also I think it's more boredom than stress. I have 
heard of that happening with many species. Also, comparing a neighborhood 
and a tank IS a bit of stretch. my main purpose in writing the comment was 
mostly because of the uninformed people who simply said "Watch The Cove" 
and "SeaWorld is Evil". You seem well informed though.
If they're so happy in the confines of a tank, then why do they hit their 
head against the wall? Stress. It's like someone suddenly taking away your 
ability to go wherever you wish and confining you to a large pen saying, 
here you can only have this much space but you can still be happy.
Hitting is one thing...expecting them to perform seven days a week, several 
shows a day, is another. These are wild mammals captured just to entertain 
people. They're not dogs.
oh﻿ really? The tanks are the size of the ocean? Because if you know about 
dolphins you should also know they love to swim freely and are underwater 
80% of the time compared to captive ones who are only underwater 20% of the 
time.
Omg they are sooo cute!!!!
تت
the reason the dolphins are in captivity is because they breed them there 
so that there is more of them, fair enough they shouldn't put them in shows 
but if they didnt have them in captivity they could be extinct and dolphins 
are interactive creatures so they could like the attention (i said could) 
xxx
Thanks for your input! I know where I stand but I'm glad to see you care 
about the creatures. You talked about the morales of the activity instead 
of the capitalism. You must be a wonderful person. You are also very well 
informed on your beliefs. Good Job and have a wonderful day/evening/ 
morning. (I don't know your timezone)
Translation: "No amount of factual evidence presented by SW trainers, 
marine biologists and whale captors is going to piss on my parade when I'm 
watching Flipper do back flips to peppy music; my amusement is too valuable 
to spare on concern for the welfare of animals. Leave that to 
granola-eating hippies, am I right?" By the way, you're about as eloquent 
as a drunk kid on a Twitter rant, and your vocabulary is equally 
impressive. 
You may want to do a little more research. Not all of these animals were 
born in captivity, and SW has been revealed to "rescue" cetaceans from 
substandard aquariums abroad, except they had originally been in the wild 
and belonging to pods. SW was shown to be behind the capture the entire 
time. And please, let's not compare a bare, cement tank to a neighbourhood; 
that offers more stimulation than a vacant pool and humans at least have 
the option to leave. Try to think beyond the entertainment. 
Cool. Dolphins
Soz I mean If you wanna watch animals and dolphins trapped for their entire 
lives then your just cruel this is animal abuse
If you wanna watch dolphins and other animals tr
I am absolutely appalled by the fact that we treat these beautiful 
intelligent creatures as circus sideshow freaks. We treat death row inmates 
far better. If there is anything that represents our decline as a 
civilization, it is this. Do a good thing today and flag this a s animal 
abuse!!!
Ok, they dont hit the dolphins its ok, but dolphins have a really high 
sensitive hearing, and they really het stressed buy all the applauses and 
screamings, also, they are confined on a tiny pool, As orcas, they travel 
miles and miles each day in their natural habitat, but here, they are like 
in a bathtub. Also, they give a lot of drugs to dolphins and orcas to 
"handle" the stress, but they kidney eventually fails. Research people. 
Wild animals are wild animals, not entretainment.
Free the dolphins, they are at the same stress as orcas. Dolphins suffer 
too you know.
that when the hand motion occurs, they perform an action, and as a result, 
gets a treat. in no way does anyone hit them. 
D: (cont.) The trainer has a long rod with a colorful bauble on the end. 
The dolphin, being naturally curious, goes to investigate the object with 
its nose by smell. (like a dog or cat would) The trainer then makes a 
clicking noise and gives them a fish as a reward. They use this method to 
lead them in a circle, make them turn, etc. The trainer repeats the process 
to reinforce the motion and does a hand signal along with the motion. after 
repeating the process enough times, the dolphin learns
C: (cont.) You don't need to travel the entire world just to be happy, you 
could survive well just in your house or neighborhood. It's in the same way 
that a tank works fine for dolphins. They don't need all the seven seas to 
be happy. D: I myself personally have been behind the scenes of Seaworld as 
well as many other animal parks and I get to personally see exactly how the 
animals learn to do the tricks. 
A: you can clearly see the way these tricks work. There is no abuse or 
hitting. The trainer gives a no contact hand signal, then the dolphin does 
a trick, then the animal is rewarded with a treat. NO ONE IS HITTING THEM 
B: Dolphins naturally play in the wild, so simple tricks like these aren't 
all that strenuous or painful for the animals and they keep them happy and 
entertained. C: The tanks are perfectly sized. 
Free those dolphins! Seaworld is evil. Did you see the movie The Cove? 
Watch that and you'll never patronize Seaworld again.
all love 
but thats what nature is
Boycott SeaWorld. Its a prison for these poor animals. If anyone so much as 
gives them a dollar they are funding the further﻿ exploitation and 
destruction of these poor creatures. Please watch Blackfish. It will show 
you the vicious crimes against these animals SeaWorld is guilty of.
Boycott SeaWorld. Its a prison for these poor animals. If anyone so much as 
gives them a dollar they are funding the further﻿ exploitation and 
destruction of these poor creatures. Please watch Blackfish. It will show 
you the vicious crimes against these animals SeaWorld is guilty of.
Keepcalmandsmile23 it's ok they are fine at least they don't get hurt from 
other creatures
This is horrible!!! The dolphins shouldn't be kept in a tiny pool, forced 
to do stupid tricks! They should be in their natural habitat. I hope this 
place shuts down soon. This is animal cruelty. :( :( :(
Pozdrawiam Cudowna muza jak﻿ i clipek+10..w jakim kraju takie ładne 
przedstawienia a te delfinki:)))).Gosienka
Hey. Just cause you watched Blackfish or The Cove doesn't mean you know 
what's going on. To be honest, I think about 90% of the stuff in that movie 
is bullshit SeaWorld doesn't abuse their animals. They just flat out don't. 
The dolphins in this video live the easy, fun life with no worries of 
predators and food brought to them. It's funny how futile it is to be 
arguing about this. Because in the end, SeaWorld wins, and YOU. FUCKING. 
LOSE. 
Dolphins are amaxing
8kjn
That dolphin would eat tha bitch
' .
Fuhuruutthgu
Hundreds of marine mammals, including the original Shamu, have been taken 
from U.S. waters and placed in aquariums and theme parks. Although American 
parks and zoos have not captured dolphins from the wild since 1993, it is 
still legal for them to do so. 
Try
THIS IS UNETHICAL. THESE DOLPHINS ARE HERE, A RESULT OF THE HORRENDOUS 
SLAUGHTER TAKING PLACE IN TAIJI JAPAN AT THIS VERY MOMENT. 
Oh My God is this ........?
O d see e
Ok
hhhuuuu
Your argument posits false equivalencies between different animals and 
killing an animal versus abusing it for life. By natural extension you 
could just as well say it's okay to eat humans, since humans are animals 
too. Dolphins go insane under these conditions. They aren't like cows and 
horses, they are far more intelligent and this environment is far more 
different than that which they are evolved to live in versus those that 
horses and cows are kept in.
Wow, I'm bored as F$%^ with this in 5 minutes. Imagine having to do it 
every day. Swimming through the oceans, hunting and visiting and playing 
with friends and family or being a detainee for life forced to do this 
bullshit until and well after you're insane. F$%^ing Seaworld hell.
Seaworld executives belong in closet-sized cages where they do tricks for 
treats to educate the public about psychopaths.
you also wants to shut down circusses and stop eating meat and stop using 
animals farm animals like cows and horses or what. We dont live naturally, 
too. For animals it isnt too bad as well.
Dolphins are incredible social and intelligent animals who use sonar vision 
in the ocean. These crowds of people cause so much stress to the dolphin by 
all the energy radiating everywhere, that they have to pump all there food 
with medicines to relieve the dolphins stomach ulcers due to amount of 
constant stress. Dolphins travel hundreds of km per day in the ocean 
bonding and living as a family. Humans steal these smart animal and capture 
them making them prisoners literally living in a jail cel
Fuck sea world!! I don't have any respect for this disgusting business. It 
is truly heartbreaking what these dolphins have to go through. First of 
all, they are trapped and hurded andr
I respect Sea world in that they successfully train these magnificent 
animals to perform amazing shows for us human beings. That's the thing 
though. Dolphins as well as many animals displayed at Sea world, were not 
born and should not be born to be entertainers =/ I'm not gonna go all 
activist here but i'd recommend everyone who's reading this watch the movie 
"Black Fish" it's about killer whales, it's really eye opening an is very 
well made.
I respect Sea world in that they successfully train these magnificent 
animals to perform amazing shows for us human beings. That's the thing 
though. Dolphins as well as many animals displayed at Sea world, were not 
born and should not be born to be entertainers =/ I'm not gonna go all 
activist here but i'd recommend everyone who's reading this watch the movie 
"Black Fish" it's about killer whales, it's really eye opening an is very 
well made.
what will happen to the roller coasters, think about that the next time you 
go all activist. i don't like it either
Isn't that how we ended up mad? ._.'
Holy shit, it can talk! Come on mate, get an education. There is no 
conspiracy. I know actual dolphin trainers who, believe me, would know if 
they got switched, Don't be such a retard.
dlphins in captivity rarely lives longer than 15 years.in the wild its 
about 30 years.the thing is,they die and they replace them without telling 
the public. because for us they all look the same.and the breeding programs 
are not succesful lots of the calves die within the first year of life.this 
is why they still have to capture them in the wild.you have to be really 
simple minded to like this kind of shit.get informed before speaking 
aeolistify
60 per cent of the fish they get is during the show and after the show.no 
wild animal makes stupid tricks if they are not hungry.yes and these 
animals are all crazy about it to go to seaworld or others to make stupid 
tricks for a lot of ignorant people. 
I miss orlando :-(
weryuiwedr
googling the cove movie
Actually, if it was a long, disease-free life of playing and luxury, with 
good food and company, I probably would.
Yeah, because the ones in the wild live forever. Dumbass.
"The expected life span for a dolphin in captivity is 4 years and in the 
wild in 40 years" If you're going to cite facts, at least make sure they're 
factual. The average lifespan of a dolphin in captivity is nearly a decade 
longer than in the wild. Apart from that... nothing else you've said is 
true. Huh. Don't be such an imbecile.
if you think these mammals are abused in ANY way take another look. They 
are VERY interactive and having fun. Probably get more food daily here than 
in the open sea. There's no fighting for food. As far as being captives, 
they are ALL saved from an early death and are here b/c there return to the 
open sea would most likely end up in a premature death. So.............SHUT 
UP and do your research. 
My friend belongs on the ocean... not a big pool.
so sad... they have to live FREE! and not in SeaWorld. Watch "Blackfish" 
and you will know the truth about SeaWorld and other Dolphinzoos! You can 
also watch "The Cove" (Trailer here on Youtube). I'm shure you will never 
visit SeaWorld again.
Watch the Cove.
The smile of a dolphin is the biggest deception of the nature. Fuck Sea 
World you know what you did.
There not killing them there saving them by breeding programs
They are wild animals. They are not pets or circus performers. They should 
be where they belong, their home, the ocean. What an imbecile!
Please dont buy tickets to marine parks. Cetaceans are slaves in these 
water circuses. Its not okay to keep them in concrete pools. This show is 
shameful and abusive.
pobeshitosh
every dophin is different. there may be some who enjoy there life in the 
pools very much. we should research more the communication of dolphins in 
order to make it clear wether or not they are happy.
I was in Florida this August and went to SeaWorld there. Now, I'm not 
against keeping marine mammals in captivity generally, but I must say I was 
very disappointed over their shows. It's nothing but entertainment. Phony, 
Disney-like entertainment. There was no information given, nothing about 
the animals themselves - they were just props in their ridiculous shows. I 
was particularly disappointed over the dolphin show. I expected better.
I was in Florida this August and went to SeaWorld there. Now, I'm not 
against keeping marine mammals in captivity generally, but I must say I was 
very disappointed over their shows. It's nothing but entertainment. Phony, 
Disney-like entertainment. There was no information given, nothing about 
the animals themselves - they were just props in their ridiculous shows. I 
was particularly disappointed over the dolphin show. I expected better.
Slaves for dumb humans
that's terrible poor dolphins , they all die in captivity , that's not a 
home for a dolphin . TERRIBLE! i'm against captivity and seaworld 
Devuelvanlos al oceano, los delfines no son payasos!!!
so cute:3 
cá heo thích nguoi
I was about to say the same thing
Dolphin tiel
O,
this makes me sick
ik het sind kort geleden ondekt wat er daar gebeurd in japan zo gruwelijk 
If you love SeaWorld and the Dolphins and Whales watch "The Cove" 
(w*w.youtube.com/watch?v=_eknshN_uhM) And you know where they come from!
really hope sea world shuts its nothing but animal abuse! These dolphins 
are trained with food deprivation and have physiological problems, they 
have been known to commit suicide by repeatedly banging there heads off the 
side of the tank because they cant cope with captivity! The expected life 
span for a dolphin in captivity is 4 years and in the wild in 40 years, 
isnt that saying something!!!! They should be in the wild where they belong!
you are all a bunch a extremists and activists. "the cove" is a film that 
was filmed in JAPAN. A country which is known to treat animals horribly. I 
know for a FACT that the trainers and caretakers in SeaWorld are all very 
loving. I've had family members work there and I've done my research as I 
also want to work with animals in the future. Also, some of these are 
actually rescued. Some were abandoned, injured, etc. Do YOUR research. I'm 
all against animal cruelty but I fact check all sources.
watch the cove you will change your mind
Would you like to be stolen from your mother when you were just a baby? 
That is what they do so you can see them in Sea World. They let them starve 
until they co operate and they feed them only when they do those stupid 
tricks on these stupid shows. That is the only time they feed them. Do you 
know that that music drives dolphins crazy because it is so loud and the go 
bonkers with there sonars? Educate yourself first please.
You should watch The Cove ...that will answer your question.
This is the stupidest thing I have ever seen! Set the poor creatures free 
and let them go home where they are truely beautiful..... in the WILD!
These animals are too intelligent to be pawns in a greedy money making 
game. It's NOT entertainment, it's cruelty.
For the people that have friends and family at parks that do animal 
shows......do you think the animals are there by choice? Do you think they 
want to be trapped and forced to do tricks? When I was a kid it was 
neat......now I know better:( the parks lie, trainers don't know the truth 
or there hearts would brake....
If really you love to the dolphins please do not be present at this type of 
spectacles, for every 1 dolphin taken in captivity other 17 die massacred 
to sell his meat. You prop the dolphins they are extremely acoustic beings 
and when the people applaud and put the music they suffer great pain and 
stress, in addition they are tamed based on hunger to do the tricks that 
entertain the human stupids. See the documentary " the cove " for major 
information
Please watch "The Cove" Documental, captivity is cruel!
omg I hope this is not the music they play there
Beautiful
น่ารักมาก
น่ารักมาก
beautiful!
Watch Dolphins 2013 if you love to see dolphins in nature
Really you think that the dolphins aren't happy but what if they are happy. 
I could be wrong but there are animals that are happy in captivity. Just 
saying...
Can't we all just be nice and not make stuff up about sea world, that they 
torture the dolphins. We all know that they don't belong in captivity. But 
still can't we just be nice?
nice vid :) check out mine
I know they dont belong in captivity but they feed the dolphins alot and 
they dont abuse them ethier, i know because my sister works at seaworld, 
she trains the dolphins and she showed me what they do, please stop being 
rude and mean. Why cant we all be friendly and stop please. I dont know who 
came up with the idea that they torture their dolphins, sorry but please 
stop. I dont want to argue or fight with anyone. :*( Please dont be mean!
Okay stop saying rude stuff about sea world. I know animals are happiest in 
their natural homes but stop being mean. I mean think about what if you 
were working at like Disney world and somebody said that Disney world had 
to shut down because of something. you would feel awful. So just shut up 
and be nice. And besides sea world is awesome!
how do we know they are, we really don't know.
how do you know they are not enjoying it? 
con'd cause my stupid phone posted it
I love the people on here who are trying to justify cetacean captivity. 
'Looks like they enjoy it' 'where are you getting your facts from that they 
don't belong in captivityz"
If the only food they got was the few fish they get during shows they would 
die. Of course they're fed outside of the shows. 
I love going to sea word I want to work there
Basically a circus and a large paddling pool
1.Dolphins are the 2nd Most intelligent animal on this earth,they will show 
you If they are happy or not.2.Where do you get this information?
What a disgrace to the human race! They belong in the ocean, not for human 
entertainment! SeaWorld needs to be shut down
didn't change mine. 
This makes me sick to watch.... 
Where this beautiful creatures stolen? It is the shame of our generation to 
find animal captivity normal. Meet these dolphins in the Wild and you will 
appreciate better the cage and prison theses shows put them in.
Dolphin's don't deserve to live like this... Would you want to live in a 
small area you're entire life? Watch Blackfish! 
Looks to me as if the dolphins enjoy it. i think its a beautiful thing that 
man and dolphin can work together like that. As far as the training goes i 
cant comment because i don't know what they do. I dislike they keep the 
couped up in those little tanks but i don't think its all that bad... i 
know some people who live in pretty small apartment.s 
Don't speak for other.. IF you wanna think a dolphins smarter than you , 
good for you ! not me though
If you wer a dolphin you wouldn't Like being in a pool for the rest of your 
life!
If you wer a dolphin you wouldn't Like being in a pool for the rest of your 
life!
Are you serious? Dolphins have to be at sea, they are in a pool enclosed. 
THE DOLPHINS ARE NOT HAPPY, IS LIKE BEING IN A PRISON FOR ALL YOUR LIFE 
.The people manipulate dolphins. The peolple give fish to change them to do 
tricks, and dolphins must do tricks to survive. Or you think that gives 
them food when the the show ends? COURSE NOT,they leave them hungry and 
during the show they have to do tricks to eat.In the fish, the people put 
drugs Inside the fish. THIS IS ANIMAL ABUSE undoubtedly.
The Cove contains plenty of misleading information. Watch SeaWorld's 
analysis of The Cove. None of the animals in this show are even from Japan. 
In fact, all of the Bottlenose Dolphins in this show are captive born.
Получите удовольствие....﻿
Lovely
quem acho esse vidio fofinho clica na joinha .... 
Hideous. Sane people do not post ignorant comments regarding issues they 
don't even begin to understand. Message me back and I can educate you a 
little about dolphins and how "mistreated" they are.
Great video
Nbtte
gutes Video.schlechte show.
I love this video
Good blessings say prayers love u jesus and god
=o 8D
OMG amazing
exactly from what I see they look like they love it
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
THESE ANIMALS ARE WILD, they are not in their natural habitat! You know how 
dolphins come to this place?? STOP doing this CIRCUS with them, STOP doing 
this CIRCUS with them...FREDOOM they want FRE-DOOM. If you like you go to 
these aquariums... please CHECK "THE COVE".
THESE ANIMALS ARE WILD, they are not in their natural habitat! STOP doing 
this CIRCUS with them, STOP doing this CIRCUS with them...FREDOOM they want 
FRE-DOOM. If you like you go to these aquariums... please CHECK "THE COVE".
that was a sad part also...really the whole film is sad!! But I recently 
went to a place in Spain and met dolphins. They were very happy, I had a 
good connection with one before we went to meet them. They were VERY happy 
and the Spanish give them love and care!! But what gets me is how did 
humans find out that dolphins can do some of their tricks? like the fluke 
walk for example? That's totally a dolphin thing as humans cannot do!
Also I'm tired to read they're """happy""". Just think about it, they're 
f**** borned in that tiny tank, and they will die in it. They ONLY know 
that, not even aware that oceans or a an other world exist. How could you 
not be happy when you can't compare, they just dont have the choice, for 
them it's normal life. The world is a f***** tank and an horizon of seats 
with people on it, clapping ... What else ?
I'm not asking you to rewatch the slaughter part, but the rest. At least, 
the part where Ric O'Barry tells us how Flipper killed himself in his arms 
( yes, it is proved that dolphins can commit suicide), I'm sure he also 
"seemed" happy while he did that, since dolphins deceptively always seem to 
smile. Also, pets like dogs has been domesticated for thousands years to 
live with humain, it's very different. I agree, Zoos are the same pb tho 
but at least they're not asked to do a stupid show daily.
Everything...performing like a stupid clown...swimming in a mini pool 
compared to the ocean..Not allowed to hunt and getting fed dead fish with 
medication....Do you need more?? 
Horrible .....How people say the love Dolphins and then go and watch this 
is beyond me....they want to be free in the ocean with their family and not 
in a little pool like that..OMG people wake up 
what happens to the Dolphins in Japan is because of Sea World.Thats where 
they make the money..have you really watched the cove ???Maybe you should 
watch it again 
what happens to the Dolphins in Japan is because of Sea World.Thats where 
they make the money..have you really watched the cove ???Maybe you should 
watch it again 
I went to this show
exactly, which part of this looks like a torture LOL
1st of all I am NEVER watching it again as it upset me a lot!! And yes I 
got the point of it but I recently met dolphins in Spain, they were in a 
MASSIVE tank and they were very happy, I even had a connection with one, 
and the staff treat them with love and care!! It is my dream to swim with 
dolphins whether its in the wild or an aquarium!! Also dolphins love 
jumping up and showing off, otherwise how did humans find out what they can 
do?
I did get the point but I was upset when I posted the comment!! I actually 
met dolphins in Spain, in an aquarium and they were happy! It may be 
horrible to some people but if that's the case then why do we have Zoo's 
then?? And pets, to have them in a home is captivity also??
Wow, I posted the link of "THE COVE" earlier so people can watch it too and 
understand what's going on with all that "dolphins market". I was happy to 
see someone watched it till I read the end of your message. You 
misunderstood the all thing, you really didn't get the big picture. Rewatch 
it, it means a lot more than that. A lot.
Did anyone consider the dolphins may have Stockholm syndrome?﻿
If you watched this video is because you like dolphins! I beg you to get 
informed! if you love them you must love them free! their lives in 
dolphinariums are MISERABLE... this video that you liked so much is nothing 
but TORTURE... I hope one day you get it. 
As a marine biologists I couldn't disagree more! cetaceans are smart 
animals with tight family bonds! to be there they are separated from their 
families (and they have great memory so they'll remember that for the rest 
of their lives) they do have health care, in that you are right, but only 
to treat the diseases they get for being trapped in tiny pools! I hope one 
day you open your eyes... at least do you know how they train them? 
you didn't get "the Cove"... both things are related, the slaughter would 
stop if there weren't dolphinariums!... selling dolphin meat provides few 
hundred dolars, while the dolphis they sell FOR DOLPHINARIUMS are sold for 
20.000 - 40.000 USD! watch the movie again! you missed the whole point of 
it! 
captivity is constant torture for this animals, I am not assuming it, I am 
a marine biologist and I have that certainty with the backup of multiple 
scientific studies. Dolphinariums are not educational and they TORTURE 
their animals, it is a FACT. 
Dolphin surfboard! The coolest :))
Most humans love being center of attention and on the stage - maybe they do 
too....They get to sing and dance and have lots of fish - yeh it's not too 
tough really...
I just watched 'The Cove' and I CANNOT stop crying!! They capture dolphins 
from the wild and KILL them!! So to everyone who says that this is cruel, 
don't judge till you watch what is CRUEL!! Dolphins being loved and cared 
for in aquariums has saved their lives from the bastards who kill 
dolphins!!!
they are beautiful, and yeah it does make me sad to think that they will 
spend the rest of their lives in a tank that wont even come close to the 
wonder and size of the ocean where they should be.
You are so naive to think that they enjoy it. If you know anything about 
dolphins in the wild then you know that their conditions and lifestyle at 
Sea World are a pathetic comparison.
I think u know that show dolphins lives the best life, away from danger and 
hunger. Everday they﻿ need to eat more than 5 kg fish, just imagine how 
long time they may use for getting the same ammount in the open 
seas,somedays they even don't find any fish to eat so in aquariums they 
live luxus life
They get taken care of , health care, food the whole day and they do 
something that they enjoy doing, animals and fishes are not like humans, 
their lifes are more simple, if they didn't like to do something, they 
don't do it. You can't force animals to do something, they better die than 
doing a thing they hate
so sweet
I completely agree. 
 I enjoy going to SeaWorld to see these animals up close and personal. I 
also have seen the film 'The Cove' and while it is sad what happens in 
Japan, at least at SeaWorld these animals have a life, even if it is a 
captive one. They are cared for by the trainers and given food and exercise 
in the form of shows.There really is only so much one can do to keep them 
in a place like SeaWorld comfortably so be happy that they at least have a 
place to live even if it is a captive life. 
 I enjoy going to SeaWorld to see these animals up close and personal. I 
also have seen the film 'The Cove' and while it is sad what happens in 
Japan, at least at SeaWorld these animals have a life, even if it is a 
captive one. They are cared for by the trainers and given food and exercise 
in the form of shows.There really is only so much one can do to keep them 
in a place like SeaWorld comfortably so be happy that they at least have a 
place to live even if it is a captive life. 
Wow, thank you for this link. Everybody ! You should also watch "THE COVE", 
shocking movie about dolphins slaughter in Japan and how See world and 
governements participate to this. "The Cove", dont miss it.
Sure "seemed" to enjoy it. They know and will know only that for their 
entire life, you'd better enjoy it since you cant compare with anything 
else. Imagine now just 2 sec a man whose the entire world is resumed to a 
one simple big room, with people feeding him and asking him to do a show 
every day. He doesnt even know there is an infinite world out there, what 
would you think of this situation ? Trueman show like.
the dolphins deserve the real sea, not fake pools. they need to make those 
things or don t get any fish. They seem to love what they do?? That man can 
enter their minds or what??
the dolphins deserve the real sea, not fake pools. they need to make those 
things or don t get any fish. They seem to love what they do?? That man can 
enter their minds or what??
leave the dolphins free, they deserve the real sea, not fake pools .
they have to do the show or don' t get fishes. they don t have any other 
choise 
Its not a blue horizon folks
Forgod's sake! If they didn't like doing this, the dolphin would hide in 
there aquarium. And they would squeak SOOO LOUD. Just enjoy the show.
Well look at it this way, not all animals in captivity were captured. Some 
were rescued. Some were even rescued at birth. If an﻿ animal starts it's 
life in captivity, being cared for by humans, getting handed everything, 
being born with a silver spoon in it's mouth, so to speak, then it can't 
live in the wild. Sometimes living in captivity is the best shot these 
animals have.
see the problem with that argument is that performing these shows is the 
only form of exercise these animals get. if they aren't doing shows they're 
just swimming in circles in a small tank. i'd do the shows too just for the 
sake of something to do, doesn't mean i want to do them.
im sorry, containing creatures that are meant to live in the vast oceans in 
small shallow tanks is caring for them? its one thing to educate people on 
these creatures, its another thing entirely to exploit these creatures at 
the cost of their well-being and natural way of life.
hideous. sane people do not cage intelligent life
So majestic
ОЧЕНЬ КРАСИВО, ЗАМЕЧАТЕЛЬНО. Интересно, в каком это городе?:-)
The dolphin is very cute !!!
Animals don't enjoy being in captivity. They are forced out of the wild and 
into stage shows like fucking sea world to do this shit for our enjoyment. 
They do not enjoy it. Watch The Cove and learn something. Sea World is 
awful.
And how much do you think a trainer makes an hour??? They have to work 
really hard to build a bond with these animals. Now while I do agree with 
you that what most people do with them in the wild is terrible and the way 
that they are treated at Sea World is still awful; their trainers care 
about them and want what is best for them. If they were in the wild then 
what do you think would happen to them? Exactly what you said. Either that 
or they would be free as birds and happy as clams.
What if they enjoy it? I spoke to a retired Sea World trainer who said he 
had wonderful relationships with the dolphins he cared for, and that the 
animals seemed to love what they did. Sure they had their good days and bad 
days, but so do people. I agree, dolphins are incredibly smart; perhaps 
nearly as smart as us, but we can't assume that all Sea World's dolphins 
see their performances as torture.
If you like to compare a small tank to a 5 star hotel. Its more like a 
prison.
You need to open your eyes. When Sea World first started capturing these 
dolphins back in the sixties they did so in a cruel way.
It's good to train dolphins to do research on their developing brain and 
body but using them to make money not a good idea because they belong in 
ocean not in entertainment show pools, indeed they have families too and 
taking them away from family is not nice people should stop capturing sea 
creatures
Das Becken ist doch viel zu klein!!! Aber trotzdem schön anzusehen !!!♥♥♥
Tierquälerrei!!!!!
sea world san diego has worlds only performing pilot whales i loved my real 
experiance and the vid
a very intelligent and talking pair of healthy African grey parrots 
21months old available for adoption to lovely homes contact 
lindamelbright@gmail.com
We should ask Sarah Palin.hA
on the contrary; you might have heard of the orca Kalina, who died age 25 
very suddenly. Her trainer Jenny Mairot, actually quit when she died, but 
came back a little while later. Also, when the whale Tilikum killed another 
trainer, Dawn, Jenny stood up for Tilikum, saying he was the most 
"Congenial, easy going, predictable whale she had ever worked with". so, 
some of the trainers do really care for the animals.
omg I remember this!
omg I remember this!
Rất tuyệt, tôi rất thích.
muiro legal adorei d mais
I love dolphins
Hay fet
Dc
they trainers yes the company doesn't give a shit 
Szsd
everyone has their own opinions on seaworld some say they do it for the 
money, some say they do it for the love and care of the animals, some say 
its wrong to keep them captive, some say other wise. but the point is they 
show you that they treat the animals right and do care you can see in the 
behind the sesens that they truly love these animals why would they risk 
their lives for money?
Lemme just say THAT is not true THEY LOVE all the animals they train and 
feed them WELL over enough
ســـــبحان الله I love dolphins and whales
Sea world is the worst place to support, they shouldnt have dolphins 
captive they are wild animals & they belong in the ocean. Some of the 
dolphins were seperated from their families & when they train them to do 
tricks if the dolphins refuse to do the trick they dont give them food 
imagine that. Dolphins get so stressed out that they often die. Do your 
reserach & youll see that sea world does nothing good for the animals
How is it that the dolphins being in a small tank like a 5 star hotel when 
dolphins are use to swimming 100 miles per day, they cant do that in a 
snall tank can they? Plus dolphins do tricks for food not because they like 
the attention. So do your research first
Pls do your research. First of all not all dolphins are born there some of 
them actually get taken away from their home & families. & second of all if 
you think that dolphins like it there you know nothing about dolphins. 
Dolphins are use to swimming 100 miles per day, they cant do that in a 
small tank,when they train them to do tricks if the dolphins refuse to do 
the trick they dont give them food imagine that. Dolphins get so stressed 
out that they often die. So i dont think dolphins like it
I guarantee you that if you do ur research about sea world & how they treat 
the dolphins & orcas you wouldnt think that the dolphins are ok with it. So 
pls pls do your research & dont support seaworld
They lost me at the bungeecable crap... 
that's right, nobody can believe about this quickly. i can tell you one 
thing, i really didn't expect that this site would send me a check of $240 
for doing some surveys. i found it here: bit.ly\11GAqgL
I'm pretty sure a lot of seaworlds income from entertainment goes to 
allowing wildlife dolphins and other animals more freedoms. So in the long 
run there probably saving more wild dolphins than they are usingto 
entertain people with. People like to see what it is there saving or caring 
for , this shows how beautiful the creastures really are, and im sure the 
dolphins don't mind it.
I honestly agree with you that trainers aren't in it for the money. I 
believe people sincerely love and care for these animals. But if they 
really loved them they would fight for their freedom rather than selfishly 
allowing them to be used for entertainment to fill their need to be close 
with wildlife. I understand you love them, I do too. But sometimes we have 
to do whats best for the animal and put our feelings aside. 
haha it's okay, I do agree with you though! it is tough to make them 
perform as often as they do when it's not natural to them :/ 
you are correct. i really got shocked when i receive my ipad3 without 
paying a dime @ my home yesterday. and i can tell u , is really easy to 
register for your ipad3 gift, just give ur email and mobile num. i got it 
from here. you can also try it >>> bit.ly/13Nv8Ts?=rjsxp
I see nothing wrong with wanting to become a trainer at one of these 
facilities. Wanting to help improve the life quality of the animals within 
these parks? What is wrong with that.. its not like they are paying to work 
with them. Also, If I am not mistaken, wasn't Junior from Marineland of 
Canada? One of the worst oceanariums in the world? Not surprised.
All of you US animal lovers out there, please watch this. This is how meat 
production runs its course in the US: Please do not support 
this./watch?v=THIODWTqx5E
i have to cry all the time when i see that those beautiful animals who are 
more intelligent than human beings swimming in a little pool to push feets 
around and make somersaults for the rest of their lifes. What a shame!
minunat...m-au lasat fara cuvinte
minunat...m-au lasat fara cuvinte
It seems they are so intelligent, and they may even have their own 
language. Now I'm thinking how would I feel if dolphins kept me hostage and 
gave me nachos to do tricks? I feel a bit guilty since I've enjoyed these 
parks in the past. I will say Sea World is the most fake and 
commercialized. I hope there are good ways of doing legitimate research on 
these creatures without harming or capturing them. If we could understand 
their linguistics, that would be so fascinating! We could learn so much!
lmfao
lindo 
is beautiful :) 
♥♥ SeaWorld's "Blue Horizons" Dolphin Show (in HD)﻿
only white people do this shit
Sorry, I get easily angered when I feel that people don't take animals 
rights as serious as they should. No offence meant.^^'
<3 <3 
jheeze, I wasn't saying I agreed with it, just saying that those animals 
born in captivity aren't aware of an alternative life style so they 
probably don't know it as "slavery". I wasn't trying to share my "wisdom" 
as you said, just making a comment on the argument, it's not like i'm 
supporting captivity, calm down. 
OK, so if you are born into slavery you must like it? And if they don't 
perform there have been cases in which they were kept in dolphin tanks with 
no sunlight to little room and noisy overhead "fans". So spare me your 
"wisdom"
You would want to help the imprisonment of those magnificent creatures and 
dare say you love the animals? If you'd really love them you'd inform 
yourself about the living standarts these animals have to endure at 
seaworld or other institutions. Ever heard of the killer whale Junior? No? 
Google it, maybe it'll make you realize how naiv you are.
Nice MoneySaving Videos
watch the trailer for blackfish and think again and check this out too then 
amazon(dot)com/Behind-Dolphin-Smile-Campaign-ebook/dp/B007EHY9FY/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1370712713&sr=8-1&keywords=richard+o%27barry
hey everyone, i'm a young filmmaker and writer and I would love to get some 
feedback on my channel, please check it out, thanks.
For anyone who wants to be an Orca or dolphin trainer, watch the new 
trailer here on Youtube: Blackfish - Official Trailer (HD) Documentary, 
Orca 
These animals should be free and undisturbed swim out in the ocean! And not 
in a small pool like a goldfish! Sea World should be banned!
I wish I could work at sea world. Probably not a good idea though, cause I 
my fish would always die in a week soo...
♥_♥
/watch?v=NcQBu9yZyI8
These trainers are nothing more than glorified animal abusers. Any person 
who has gone to see these animals in such a disgusting environment, are 
completely self deluded and are paying to support a demonstration of 
cruelty. Wake up!﻿ 
Free the Dolphins.
chebre
<3 
<3 
Uu
ย9
all r susuuuuuuuu 
I always wanted to train dolphin
When I get older I'm going to do that
que lindos
Des isch dr Hommr﻿
M ukijki
I've been there
thank you! you are 100% true! 
they don't love them for the money. that is wrong. The trainers love the 
orcas and because it has been there dream and they love the orcas and 
dolphins because of who they are not the money. it is my dream to work at 
SeaWorld with the orcas or dolphins and I don't care about there past or 
the money I will be paid, I love them for the animals character and it is 
my dream and no one can change my view on SeaWorld. 
nothing to do in a bathtub!
if the animals were born in captivity they probably do like it, they don't 
know any different, I guess you could argue that they deserve to experience 
life where they're supposed to be in the sea, but they aren't forced to do 
anything, if they perform they perform if they don't they don't. 
Same here.
Fhg
I have seen and read many dokus and articles about dolphins and whales in 
captivity, some are born there, all certainly not. Watch the documentary 
"the cove" and tell me that again. And even if, born in captivity doesn't 
make it worth living in and wether or not a animal is happy, I think is 
very difficult to tell.
That is one of the most naiv things things I've ever read. You can train 
most any animal to do tricks for food, that doesn't make it natural 
behaviour. These animals normally travel all over the world and are 
confined to small tanks only for our amusement. The loud music and people 
cheering means pure stress to them, most die early. If you knew anything at 
all about whales or dolphins in captivity, you'd not write such nonsense.
Potshot66 well, the dolphins at seaworld are ALL born there. Plus these 
dolphin like it there.i have met some. Not even some! Like lots! So hour 
sway off. Wow I DO know a lot about dolphins! Serves you right mom!,
There's no way I can watch a dolphin video seriously after having seen The 
Hitchhicker's Guide to the Galaxy
amazing! 
Comments like they are living in a five star hotel, safe and well fed are 
so naïve. A 5 star prison is still a prison which most intelligent beings 
would choose to leave given an opportunity. If you can prove to me that the 
door is left open each evening for our friends to leave and then return the 
next day for their performance I would give some credence to the notion 
they are happy. They have no choice!!
I cannot understand how we feel we have the right to lock up such 
intelligent animals in a confined space for our entertainment and then try 
to justify this act by pretending that these animals either like or want to 
be there. The fact is they have no choice and to not to perform is not to 
get fed. I am afraid the shear act of having these beautiful creatures in a 
fish tank is forcing them to do things that given a choice they would most 
likely not wish to do. Stop this cruelty.
oh yeah did you ask them if they would like a lifetime in a tiny tank?
oh yeah did you ask them if they would like a lifetime in a tiny tank?
the trainers love them for the money that you pay to see them. they get 
dead fish in return for the stupid tricks. Do you realise that dolphins 
swim and hunt on fishinggrounds in the ocean? how would you feel to do 
tricks instead?
UNDER THE SEE...............................NAZNIN SULTAN...﻿
I love sea world's i am from Brazil ,But i know Speak inglesa
not 100% in some Countries they are treated very badly
I saw this luve around this time 2010
And the worst they force 2 dolphins to make a baby and then the mother does 
and she doent care for the baby because she didnt want the baby because in 
the wild they only breed with there mate not some other dolphin so the 
mother just doesnt take care of the baby then the baby dies because he/she 
doesnt have a mother! Its really sad guys they are mean to travel everyday 
from san.clemente to L.A. then back to san.clemente then to L.A again and 
then back!
The Dolphins are just doing tricks so they can get fed!
I agree with kay g they are meant to eat real fish not dead fish filled 
with pills they are supposed to catch in on there own and they are supposed 
to swim miles everyday not stuck in a tank and its soooo sad how they got 
caught i dare you to watch the movie the cove its horrible! U people make 
me sick!!!!!
they want to hunt like they're born to do not eat dead fish! They're slaves 
for us can't you see that? They might be fed but they work everyday for the 
food. We're such a selfish species, taking what isn't ours for our own 
amusement. People like you make me so ashamed.
would you rather be "safe and happy" in a bathtub, doing tricks for food or 
living your real life? I'm guessing you went there and you won't let 
yourelf see whats really happening because you don't want to feel guilty 
for supporting this farce. The creatures arent safe- many have died in 
these shows and they have a mortality rate of half the length of the 
average wild dolphin. And just because they're face looks like a smaile 
does not mean its happy. wake up.
Its really good. But if i was the director i would make it more about the 
DOLPHINS!
Starvation? Don't you understand evolution? Don't you know that survival 
skills and tactics get passed on from generation to generation. And please 
don't tell me that the solution to starvation is captivity and artificial 
life. So while those dolphins here are performing, there are no dolphins 
out there starving to death? How about crabs, sharks, and octopuses don't 
they starve to death too? Or is it because they can't do tricks we let them 
die? So it's not about starvation here right!!
What an ignorant statement coming from a soul that has been separated from 
the whole and is no longer aware of itself. If you understood life you 
wouldn't make such statement. I wish you enlightenment although I doubt you 
will ever find it, especially if you keep looking in 5-star hotels.
Damn it people!!! Stop buying tickets to the show and SeaWorld will have to 
eventually close it down. End the suffering of those magnificent animals.. 
They are counting on you. The owners﻿ of SeaWorld are obviously not human 
beings and only understand one language. BOYCOTT BOYCOTT BOYCOTT and for 
the love of life BOYCOTT.
yth. Quen Of Sea i understood what you are looking for, we called PEJANTAN 
TANGGUH! jogja, 23 jumadilawall 1945
Where is this
I thought this was to be about Dolphins? To me seems more on birds and 
acrobatics then what the show is meant to be I could be wrong but, it just 
seems more geared in that way then on the Dolphins them self.
i been to sea world we got wet on one show it was cool we got to go feed 
the dolpins and saw lat of sea thing plus birds 
Am i the only one who feels this is more about the people doing flips and 
shit then the actual dolphins? 
While I agree that they should be in the wild, Sea World and Taiji have 
nothing to do with each other.
Actually, I saw you make another comment saying they die because of 
captivity and they are hurt. This is not true but they can't release these 
dolphins because they are used to being hand fed without having to put 
effort into getting food so they wouldn't survive in the wild they would 
look for their human companions. I agree more whales and dolphins shouldn't 
be captured (even though everyone knows this won't happen) but they can't 
release these ones, just not get surprised when a human is hurt
Actually, I saw you make another comment saying they die because of 
captivity and they are hurt. This is not true but they can't release these 
dolphins because they are used to being hand fed without having to put 
effort into getting food so they wouldn't survive in the wild they would 
look for their human companions. I agree more whales and dolphins shouldn't 
be captured (even though everyone knows this won't happen) but they can't 
release these ones, just not get surprised when a human is hurt
Please do your research Bottlenose dolphins have not come from the Japan to 
the US in years. Thanks. All of the dolphins at Sea World were born there 
or are still alive from their capture many years ago. 
Too much of the human show and too less of the dolphin show!!! if I would 
have paid a ticket for that, I would have sued them for this!!! 
opong sekali di bagus kalo mukamu kaya moye
wow when i say....AMAZING i mean AMAZING
Ll Olkllooo9 000
 Don't Buy the Ticket! Whales & Dolphins Shouldn't Be in Captivity It’s 
hard to imagine that the dolphin doing flips at Sea World is in pain but in 
reality, these animals are suffering. The whales and dolphins you see at 
these water parks are often violently captured in the wild, separated from 
their families, and forced to perform for crowds thousands of miles away.﻿ 
Kkpppuhhyyfy Hnhnnn
This is cool
I'm an animal lover dontr matter house pet wild animal mamales I love them 
all sgurrials skunks birds anything that hss a heart I love them those 
videos I've seen was aesome the dolphins whales they deffinetly deserve a 
chance in life along eith the others thst might b in danger out there 
hopefuly catch it b 4 2 late don't want 2 c any drffenseve Animal sea mamal 
hurt
Let dolphins FREEEEEE!
Check out this video on YouTube:﻿
ai lesz va un chiste le dice la maestra apepito aver pepito digame un 
verso( alla viene un kanguro kon una flor en el kulo) la maestra lo regaña 
y lo manda al ricon y en el recreo le dice digame el verso nuevo (alla 
biene un kanguro kon una flor en la pestaña por ke si lo trae en el kulo la 
maestra me regaña) jajajajjaj
I think today should Sorry to Dolphins Day!!!﻿
the show is crazy 
i wonder how they train them:O
hay
10x from Romania!!!
Смотрела с и восхищалась спасибо 
As research continues in captivity, they get better and better. They even 
have successful breeding programs that they failed miserably long ago. 
Think Sea lion for example, they can live longer in captivity than those in 
the wild now. We need to give the husbandry and vets more time to study the 
whales.
I agree in some aspects about what you said. What about the life spam? I 
learned that they will live long on their natural habitat. Well.. if they 
can pass starvation,predators etc.. Is this make sense? 
Hihihihi :-D
Hihihihi :-D
Lol
ok
You presume too much.
you respond as if i just insulted you
Try harder. I'm not impressed.
all you're saying is that im wrong and you're right. except you leave out 
the part in which im wrong and you're right...
You claim as many assumption as I do in your response. Have you heard of 
conditioning and resulting dependence? I don't need to be able to read 
their minds to know that the negative out weighs the positive in this 
regard - any sane person should be able to recognize this fact....
Sorry but can you read a dolphins mind? Are you a dolphin whisperer? Sure 
there are bad points to captivity, however there are good points, depending 
on the center. Also its like living in a 5star hotel. There is a captive 
dolphin place in mexico, and they take the dolphins out to sea to swim with 
the public, if they really did not like captivity, its pretty easy for them 
to swim away but they don`t! And I am sure they love the attention!! :) 
Yeah Right... Let me imprison you, take away most of what your sensory 
organs should be used for, take advantage or your depression, market your 
'fake' smile and call you happy. Wow. You told us, did'nt ya! Seems 
stupidity is catchy after all...
You are obviously oblivious of the Big Picture. Ignorance is bliss in your 
case. Keep your head in your ass, I can see you're comfortable in that 
position.
i wish a could of help them i wouldnt go to those concerts if you go you 
will just encourage them to catch more when i get older i will try to make 
a differance
they are just animals, like us, who are you to say what is right and wrong?
Human- Hey dolphin, how does it feel to be the SECOND smartest animal in 
the world? Dolphin- Pretty great, at least I am not RUINING the world! 
SEA WORLD DOSE SO MUCH FOR ALL OF THERE ANAMILES SRY CANT SPELL TO GOOD I 
LIVE IN ORLANDO AND THEY R THE BEST IF U THINK DIFFERNT THE SOMETHING IS 
WRONG U SHOULD WATCH THE SHOW THEY HAVE ON EVERY SATURDAY MORING U WILL SEE 
HOW MUCH GOOD THEY R DOING UNTIL THEN DO SAY STUFF U NOW NOTHING ABOUT 
PEOPLE AND PETTA U ALL NEED TO STOP IT 
100% Show Bizz!!!! Modern Gladiators , Humans replaced by Animals! so SAD!
what do you mean by "inhuman consumption"
there not forced to do anything, if they did not want to do it they 
wouldnt! the trainers love them dearly as well, and thats a fact cause you 
have to put in a lot of work if you want to be a trainer! they wouldnt work 
that hard for no reason. Oh and for the dolphins, its like living in a 
5star hotel! waited on hand and foot!
Urgm
Dolphins are intelligent! they wont do something they dont like.. 
I feel like we make then into puppets.....Dance puppet!, Dance for your 
food! Sketch :S 
if you don't like the video that cram it and go waste your time doing 
sumtin else 
These animals are highly intelligent, they communicate with each other and 
live in﻿ families. They are fed dead fish.... IF they perform. If not, they 
are not given food. They do not enjoy this. In the wild the roam the 
oceans. Here, they are given antidepressants because otherwise they harm 
themselves. Go and see at night- they rub their noses on the sides of the 
pool till they bleed. Besides, when being caught, their families are 
slaughtered b4 them
You think, they are happy... 
You think, they are happy... 
The Cove has no relation to any of the dolphins at Sea World. No dolphins 
have been captured from the wild for many years and gone to Sea World. All 
dolphins that are at Seaworld currently were born there. Infact there isn't 
any Japanese dolphins currently in the Western Hemisphere. The last import 
of Japanese dolphins to the entire country of the US dates back﻿ to 1989. 
All dolphins come from successful captive breeding. Sea World hasn't taken 
any away from the ocean or their families.
You are talking like they are leading a life less superior to what they had 
in the wild. These dolphins are safe, happy and well fed. In the wild 
dolphins starve, have trouble with other colonies, and can get caught up in 
fishing nets and who knows what else. Just do a quick Google search for 
'Dolphin starvation' and you will be inundated with links to various news 
articles about whole colonies starving, The link you stated just proves 
that these dolphins are safe and happy! Not slaughtered!
So sad doing tricks for people in captivity watch the Cove and you where 
they came from and what they've been tough
Vfgghhhz\©®}¡¡® cxxxccccxx
jomp-
I saw it, it was so heartbreaking.
Thank you.
I LOVE dolphins,orcas, and other animals. I HATE people who make these 
animals do all this crap.
L0okj
They aint happy... SEAWORLD TRAINER NARROWLY ESCAPE﻿ DEATH FROM KILLER 
WHALE﻿﻿
DO NOT GO TO DOLPHIN SHOWS! GOOGLE DOLPHIN TAIJI. 
@emw313 please do your homework before talking bollocks. More than one orca 
was captured. That's without counting the orcas that are kept in holding 
tanks, such a junior the orca. Thousands of dolphins are killed and 
captured for places like SeaWorld. Do some homework.
That is Sea World, however big companies like Sea World glorify these types 
of shows. Many countries around the world buy there dolphins from Drive 
hunts which many thousands are slaughtered every year. Please google Taiji 
Japan, and educate yourself on the live dolphin trade, and how "ugly" 
dolphins are slaughtered for meat that is poisonous. 
Sea World glorifies captive dolphins which PAYS for the slaughter of 25,000 
dolphins in Japan every year. In December a pod of over 150 bottle nose 
dolphins were caught in Taiji, all of the young females and juveniles were 
taken (75 in total) 25 were slaughtered. The remaining dolphins are the 
older "undesirable" dolphins which will die out as it lost an entire 
generation who will no longer populate the future of the pod. Dolphins 
belong in the oceans, don't buy a ticket to a dolphin show!
Very nice! 
ๅๅฝฝาาหหาสจบบล
blah blah blah people need to stop complaining about these animals ok ive 
watched about 4 sea world shows and every time i see them on u tube people 
complain now shut pu and just watch the entertainment 
Those dolphins are like actors in the human world sure tey dont get to do 
normal things but they get to perform and have fun like an earlier post 
said and then get fed for it.
Omg I like dolphins so much
I love dohpins
 Stop paying to see dolphins, whales!. Videos on YouTube about﻿ the link﻿ 
between dolphin slaughter and swimming﻿ parks. Dolphins need your help. The 
Cove always live streaming from Japan on: Ric O'Barry's Dolphin Project 
Facebook. Search for Taiji on Google News to read from﻿ Digital Journal and 
stay informed about what they are doing to the families of dolphins. 
Mothers and their children fighting to stay alive every day. 
Guys, most of these animals are born in captivity. We arent "stealing them 
from their homes". Now I'm not saying that we are doing them any favors by 
keeping them in the captivities but ya'll are making it seem waaaayyy to 
harsh. Its not like we stole ALL of them right out of the sea. All of the 
shamus (with the exception of the first, maybe) were likely to have been 
born in captivity.
Shure bro. Even if they were born in captivity I still don't think a 
Dolphin should live his life in a pool so some greedy humans can make 
millions off the tricks they taught him in exchange of a few dead fishes. 
Now they DO capture a LOT of wild dolphins in tajii to sell them to places 
like sea world all over the world. Each animal is sold for more than 
$100000 and the rest of his family is brutally slaughtered. But like the 
other idiot said below, what good do they do in the wild anyway?
Shure bro. Even if they were born in captivity I still don't think a 
Dolphin should live his life in a pool so some greedy humans can make 
millions off the tricks they taught him in exchange of a few dead fishes. 
Now they DO capture a LOT of wild dolphins in tajii to sell them to places 
like sea world all over the world. Each animal is sold for more than 
$100000 and the rest of his family is brutally slaughtered. But like the 
other idiot said below, what good do they do in the wild anyway?
Actually, places like Sea World and other Marine parks (at least in the US) 
breed most of their own animals. If they capture an animal, it is for 
breeding purposes and they release it back into the wild later in life. 
Most of the animals that they use are born in captivity. What is not okay 
is the animals' living conditions: cramped pools with a lot of other 
animals who may not all get along... that is what is the sad part. The 
trainers do try their best though.
facepalm
PLease gimme a break, u know what they were put here for? to sleep and eat 
fish ok. They are not humans/ At least in a show they provide some value to 
our society. What good do they serve killing other fish. They are not meant 
to be at sea world but alot of people waste away their life doing menial 
work so lets worry about the people first.
Oh shut up. They are still just animals who whether in captivity or in wild 
lead meaningless lives that are just to eat and sleep. Dont use human terms 
when talking about animals, get a life!!
Actually, the dolphins enjoy it. They love performing and like crowds and 
humans.
sw dose some really great work. but its ruined by these "shows". im not 
sure you really understand the capacity these animals have 2 suffer. its 
the same as you and me. would you like 2 be locked in a small room for the 
rest of your life? even if you were born in a small room you would still be 
aware that it was wrong. and then there is the issue of wild capture. sw is 
indirectly involved in this also. 
you would think that is true. but look at miami seaquarium. lolita is kept 
in a tank that is no legal. she has been alone since 1980 and thats not 
legal either. nothing is done about it. and sw supports this because they 
"trade" dolphins with them. i think that you dont understand how much power 
money bring with it. and sw have plenty of money. you dont have 2 look far 
2 find out the truth of these places.
I really think everybody needs to calm down about "sw hurting the animals" 
i don't think its true. sw has supported and helped wildlife conservatuons 
all over.I believe sw isent doing any thing wrong fit hey were I'm pretty 
sure they would be shut down by now
who said they are intelligent? i dont agree with any of that. and i support 
the people who work 2 stop all that stuff also. but it has nothing 2 do 
with this topic so try and stay on track. and it can be changed. it will be 
changed. its only a matter of when. you can say what you like 2 justify a 
practice that is wrong, but it will never make it right. you cant ignor the 
fact these animals display signs of stress. so i will keep working 2 
educate people on whats wrong with the industry.
im just saying before feeling pity for dolphins and immerse in agony for 
them you should think of suffering people worldwide.Or the millions of cows 
killed every day.Oh they aren't that intelligent so they must not feel pain 
right?I care for the poor thing and it must be better if they weren't 
captured,but look at all the zoos and pets we have.This is how humans 
capture all kind of animals for centuries.It's not a new thing and you 
should have priorities.Also you cant change it.
this isnt about that and people do that kind of work. i think its ignorant 
of you 2 say that these animals dont matter and that their suffering dosnt 
matter.you obviously have no idea just how intelligent they are. 
no actually, i study marine science and i happen 2 be concerned that this 
industry is still allowed in this day and age. i get my info from the 
people who have worked most of there lives studying cetaceans as well as 
the people who are in Taiji right now watching dolphins being taken 4 parks 
all over the world as well as killed. i think you underestimate how corrupt 
this industry is, im not after attention, im just trying 2 give you some 
info 
there are far worse things happening to dogs every day -.- or circus 
animals.and not like in nature they cant starve to death or get ill and die 
untreated.i would rather take the child of alcoholic/abusive parents first 
than these dolphins from sea world.
รึืทมาดฝ้4327,6ีพเ่าึๆ.
I gess most of you wont but ill ask that you watch a doco called The Cove 
with Ric O'Barry. It showed even me (and i already thought they were very 
smart) how extream dolphin intelligence really is. it also shows why 
captivity is so bad. i know there are lots of "pro caps" but seriously if 
you love cetaceans you will kick your self 1day when you wake up and your 
on the wrong side. WATCH THE DOCO THE COVE!! 
After 6 days in the cove, 126 members of their pod taken- 101 for captivity 
and 25 for human consumption (which includes 2 juveniles that die d during 
the capture process), the rest of the dolphins swam free- after having 
sustained injuries and terrifying memories that will last a lifetime. Most 
of the mothers swim away without their young.. Those dolphins will now 
entertain humankind until they die. Say no to captivity- the ocean is the 
ONLY place that we should ever see marine wildlife. 
its called research you should try it. please watch A Fall From Freedom. if 
you dont have a full hour at least watch the last 30mins. i dont think you 
understand how corrupt this industry really is. these animals make some 
people very very rich and thats the problm. money greed power go hand in 
hand. animals welbeing is not top of their list. profit is
But how can you say that they are not happy! We don't know if they are 
happy or not!
that not true at all!! who are you to say they are happy? they feed them 
antidepressants so they cant be that happy can they? do some research b4 
you go making big claims. check out Ric O'barrys dolphin project, he is a 
FORMER trainer. and now helps dolphins in a real way
or dolphin
thats no true, seaworld is trying to import 18 wild caught beluga from 
russia. they just want 2 make money. they can do all the good conservation 
work without captive orca. no excuse to put these amazing animals in a 
small tank where they cant display any natural behaviour
"no aquarium, no tank in a marine land, however spacious it may be, can 
begin﻿ to duplicate the conditions of the sea. And no dolphin whi inhabits 
one of those aquariums or one of those marine lands can be considered 
normal" Jacues - Y Cousteau
"no aquarium, no tank in a marine land, however spacious it may be, can 
begin﻿ to duplicate the conditions of the sea. And no dolphin whi inhabits 
one of those aquariums or one of those marine lands can be considered 
normal" Jacues - Y Cousteau
what state is seaworld in
These poor creatures are nothing short of slaves and people should know 
that they are brutally kidnapped from the wild to end up in pools doing 
trix for food. In Japan a few are selected to be sold for this kind of 
places and the rest are brutally slaughtered for inhuman consumption. If 
you don't believe me watch this: watch?v=LaJsMrGEbkw If you wanna know more 
about that you can go to see the sea shepherd cove guardian page on 
facebook. You'll see this video in a different way afterwards....
I don't exactly 100 percent agree with sw but American aquariums haven't 
got wild dolphins or porpoises since Lolita which was 40 years ago. The 
ones at sw are captive bred meaning in a way the aquarium is there home 
they have on understandings of the wild. Oh and by the way antis stop 
saying there are whales at sw you just annoy me.
Good Show. 
Awesome. Here is our experience swimming with the dolphins in Mexico.
FLIPPER!!!
Yes and I LOVE dolphins :-D
Maybe yes they should be free, but in a true fact, animals who live in 
captivity live longer and less likely to be exstinct! Put it in a good way. 
They are happy, healthy and have lots of attention. If there wasn't zoos or 
places like sea world there will be hardly any animals left in the world.
woow :D
You can see the string through the door and it pulls the dress look
boring nmn 
I'm sorry you feel that way.. Nobody is trying to be a show stopper.. But 
people do need to know the truths about this... You can't truly believe 
that these sweet babies belong in a bathtub, to do tricks day after day 
while sea world collects millions of dollars off them.. It is unnatural for 
these dolphins and whales to be there.. They belong with there 
families..Sea World has taken that away from them...google TAIJI THE COVE
If you love the pilot whales google taiji the cove.........See what they do 
to them... See how Sea World gets there dolphins&whales...Learn how wrong 
it is to rip these poor babies from there family, and put them into a 
bathtub,(compared to the ocean)...and make them do tricks... They are not 
clowns..Dont kid yourself for one minute thinking these dolphins and whales 
are happy...they belong to the sea, not Sea World.. this is so sad to me
WATCH THE COVER PLEASE ! ALL THE DOLPHINS IN CAPTIVITY ARE JUST SLOWLY 
DIEING IN THERE WATCH THE COVE! LET THE WORLD KNOW WHAT IS REALLY GOING ON 
WITH DOLPHIN BEHIND THE SCENES OF THOSE SHOWS
Dolphins deserve to be free, they are not your toys, they were not put on 
this earth to do tricks, they are not clowns...If you want to know the true 
story of how dolphins are captured, google Taiji The Cove........ this is a 
total disgrace....
,,,t tqarEZlppoieahb ! Have can!
I loved seeing this show in person!!! I loved the pilot whales too :)
They entertain us to get their food Thats all.
check﻿ out my channel please like,sub,comment:)
ai demora demais pra carregar 
oh geez go hug a tree why dont you
didnt brighten up thes dolphins tho did it. they need more then a pool and 
dead fish 2 keep them happy. would you like a jail cell?? same diff
if you love them help them. dont support keeping them captive. go and see 
how beautiful they are in the wild as they should be. please
if you love them help them. dont support keeping them captive. go and see 
how beautiful they are in the wild as they should be. please
you want beautiful go and see them in the wild. dont be selfish. this is 
exploitation and if you love these animals do your homework and make an 
informed decision. this is not right. do these creatures a favour and dont 
support this.
another documentary is Falling from Freedom, where they show you how the 
evil men in Taiji Japan drive the pods by deafening and confusing them and 
separate babies from mothers. You get to hear them screaming for each other 
and then put into dirty cramped pens without food for days before they're 
shipped off via plane or truck to be held in concrete tanks eating dead 
fish and forced to perform for the rest of their days. Don't frequent 
places like this! They get their creatures from Japan!
I used to like this until I watched The Cove and saw how these animals are 
treated. They dont belong in tanks they can't use there sonar and the noise 
is so stressing to them. I used to think the trainers loved them then I 
watched The Cove. love you dolphins one day your be saved.
HA! You're not too far off with your comment. My entertainment is hiking, 
biking, kayaking. I enjoy watching wildlife in their natural environment.
dude ur just stressed cos u dont like much entertainment
I am now selling Scentsy in the Central Florida Area. Feel free to contact 
me, sassysaraht.scentsy.us
I didn't know there was water on Guantanamo! More than 90% of cage 
dolphins/Killer whales comes from the wild! If u want to see documentary 
look at The Cove Dolphins. The Jew, Steven Schwartzman, is CEO of SeaWorld. 
Jew own this business. If you trying to do somethings against this Jews 
family you well be labeled as "anti-Semitism".
How funny would that be if in the beginning she jumped off but hit the 
floor. lmfao
This is wrong. Dolphins are so intelligent, that this is on par with the 
slave trade.
Killer whales and dolphins are wild creatures that deserve to be wild and 
free, not captive for our entertainment. Sea World exploits these creature 
to line their pockets with huge profits. If you care about these animals DO 
NOT ATTEND ANY AQUATIC PARK featuring animals.
it is a beautiful
I love dolphins soooo much!!
if you love dolphins you dont support this
It is beautiful, thank you. I love Dolphins.
wlzzwfrlllropotpsaetrrftttttytĪklppooomklllkoook
I was about to go spend money on this....but this I looked at the screen 
name ;)
Fui en julio de 2012 y no estaba techado. 
Everybody who loves Ecco please sign the petition Revival of Ecco the 
Dolphin....if we join together there a chance to Sega make a sequel. Go to: 
.org/petitions/revival-of-ecco-dolphin-franchises
It a false killer whale, yes it is a dolphin as well 
False Killer Whale
at 17:16 is that a doplhin...i never seen those kinds before..can anyone 
tell wat is that sea creature 
العرض جدا رائع
I'm giving this a thumbs up! 👍👍👍
I'm giving this a thumbs up! 👍👍👍
Work, talent and dedication! =D> 
Thanks for the SeaWorld videos, really brightened up a boring night! :)
The Dolphins are amazing but the performance they've made just doesn't 
work, the music doesn't match anything and neither does the acrobats...It 
needs more of a story and freindship between humans and dolphins in it too 
make it special ;/
Please take a minute and visit this site against overfishing: 
action4fish(dot)org﻿﻿
Stunned! where is this park, in which country?
no, you may not blow this up
awsome...dolphins are truly amazing...
ان شاء الله بروحه هنا sea world روعه انا الحمد لله مبتعث مع اهلي وبنروحه ان 
شاء الله
i saw thin i was 9 old 
I want to go see this
مشهد جمييييل.
Dolphin show time? human show time? Guests are a lot of people are coming 
to see the show time of the dolphin? The dolphin show was not very good 
time in spite of the music.
the dolphins love putting on shows, i was told when i went to swim with 
them by a proffesional trainer. They get treated with love and respect. 
They are fed well, which means they dont have to constantly keep hunting 
for their own food, they are with lots of their own species, they are 
protected from predators or hunters that wish to harm them, to me that 
sounds like a alright life so i dont think its cruel
Unfortunately,this show makes in order to enjoy shortly and earn the money. 
Dolphins should be going back to the nature.Because they are very very 
smart and using the intelligence and dolphins are going to move thousands 
of killometers a year. I heard if dolphins grow up by human, they gonna be 
earlier than nature. im not sure . almost 20~30 years? they early die. So i 
wish owner give up the business and dolphins make up the free.
É um espetaculo muito lindo,realmente de encher os olhos.. 
love it
I would totally dive from that cliff thing :D
I know
THIS IS FOUL. WHY DON'T THEY PUT THE PEOPLE IN THE WATER AND FEED THEM FISH 
AND ENSLAVE THEM. THE DOLPHINS ARE SMARTER THAN THE PEOPLE NOT INTERESTED 
IN MONEY.
Seaworld Costs money to enter. The show by itself does not
KOOL NOW I AINT GOTTA PAY 
Thank you, found the song on youtube :) 
NOW there is no rooof such better sense they removed it 
NOW there is no rooof such better sense they removed it 
Into the blue
Thanks but I only want the one certain song that pays at 18:30?
You know the girl she changed to her suit it has a string so someone can 
pull her dress then turned ion her swim suit
great show. great performance. great team
pouah c'est nul je croyais que les dauphinn allaieint faire des choses 
magnifiques genre des sauts ect. Mais pas faire le tour de la piscine ! è_é
Anyone know where I can download the song thats played at 18:30??
o its orlando i tought it was san diego nowonder its diffrent
Aww I want a dolphin they're so cute -3
so cute great job sea world!!!!!!
Excellent Show. I Love this Show:)
ah i remember this one from 3 years ago
i think the dolphins should stay there cause if anything happens like if 
they starve or get hurt they have medical they can give them food its so 
much better than the wild 
This video reminds me of the billiondollarcause website. Save Our Oceans 
and Dolphins!
This is horrible. We need to BOYCOTT Seaworld. What they're doing is wrong!
It`s so bad what humans do with the animals. And so sad. Wish all these 
dolphins could have a life in freedom. But they can only dream about it. 
And their dreams are never come true. They will be a " toy " for humans 
until they die. 
I can make high quality fake id and our price is the lowest, If you want to 
buy one?email to: loveada19881106@gmail.com.I promise that these fake ids 
can be use every where, they scan and swipe and show all information that 
is on the card in the proper format.
i saw that show and i really liked it its even better when your in the 
splash zone
Суперррр!!!
The pools are fine size and seaworld helps out animinals who have been 
endangered in there habitat
Dolphins are not theater performers, release them back into their natural 
home, not no damn fish tank. 
Spectacular
Spectacular :-)
Amazing where is this🐬🐬🐳🐳??
Amazing where is this🐬🐬🐳🐳??
I do feel sorry for all these dolphins being kept in such a small place but 
what about people who love animals and want to get close and personal with 
them, what are they to do?
@MrGaRtY26 if u have ever been to SeaWorld I'm preet sure I saw a giant 
ocean in the back of it
I miss watching Joey perform...she was a pretty false killer whale.
Ah, now eventually you do plan to have dolphins on your, on your dolphin 
show, right? Hello? *taps camera*
it is very cruel and wrong to keep theses amazing animals dolphins and 
orcas in such a small tank its the same with other animals in big land 
based animal zoo's ppl want them to b put back in the wild but they have 
gotten so used of being hand fed and not been taught to hunt like in the 
wild that they will most likely die from stavation just like keiko did when 
he was released back in alaska but at the same time they are very well 
cared for in both phyiscal and mental state 
as interesting as it was to see the performers, I wanted to watch a dolphin 
show, not a people show. At least at the Indy zoo you get to see the 
dolphins do more than three jumps. 
this vid was amazing loved it 
Das gehört verboten und boykottiert! Das ist Tierquälerei! It should be 
banned and boycotted! This﻿ is animal cruelty! Elle devrait être interdite 
et boycotté! C'est cruauté envers les animaux! Dovrebbe essere vietato e 
boicottato! Si tratta di crudeltà verso gli animali! Debe ser prohibido y 
boicoteado! Esta es la crueldad animal!
53%﻿ of those dolphins who survive the violent capture die within 90 days. 
The average life span of a dolphin in the wild is 45 years; yet half of all 
captured dolphins die within their first two years of captivity. The 
survivors last﻿ an average of only 5 years in captivity. Every seven years, 
half of all dolphins in captivity die from capture shock, pneumonia, 
intestinal disease, ulcers, chlorine poisoning, and other stress-related 
illnesses. 
My point is just to express my opinion as anyone else, to remember that all 
this "magic" is shit
yfw you learn orcas are dolphins, too. Granted, the smaller dolphins are 
lighter and can perform high jumps much easier.
So cute
poor dolphins 
Yes I know they were, so are thousands of others, whats your point!?
Do you get payed well 
Whichever... the five of them were slaves
kathy, not suzy died in his arms
Guys there are dolphins idiot
i remember being here. i just miss this place :')
This is the coolest thing ever. How did you become one of the dancers?
BUSCA TINO COTERA EN BRNIDOM.TE SORPRENDERA.
But back to your original question, take acting classes. :) Make sure that 
you are in tip top shape as this profession requires a lot from you. 
Working anywhere in the park is definitely cool, because you get many 
perks, however there will be days when you just don't want to do it 
anymore. Keep on with your dream though and don't give up. It could be a 
year or two before you're anywhere near working with animals but it's 
definitely rewarding.
Hello, I too am an employee from SeaWorld, though I'm not a performer, I 
work at carts. SeaWorld tends to promote from inside their company, meaning 
that if someone who they already have as an employee is qualified for the 
job, they will hire them over a new employee. So if you want a good chance 
to become a performer, I would suggest applying for a lesser position to 
get your foot in the door. Most of the people you see who work with animals 
started as popcorn vendors and park ops. 
Hello, I too am an employee from SeaWorld, though I'm not a performer, I 
work at carts. SeaWorld tends to promote from inside their company, meaning 
that if someone who they already have as an employee is qualified for the 
job, they will hire them over a new employee. So if you want a good chance 
to become a performer, I would suggest applying for a lesser position to 
get your foot in the door. Most of the people you see who work with animals 
started as popcorn vendors and park ops. 
can you tell me what you feel for those animals that are in prison to make 
the clowns for humans?
In Faroe Islands of Denmark, thousands of dolphins and whales are 
slaughtered every year on the beaches in accordance with a very old ritual. 
The Denmark government cannot stop it since Foroe Islands are do not come 
under its authority. If you haven't yet heard or seen about this yet, just 
do a google search and see if you can shrug it off.
ummm where are the damn dolphins!!!!!!!1
AWESOME <33333
Schedule time with the Educational Resources department at Sea World. You 
can learn a lot from them regarding the animals and their behaviors. I 
believe the performances at Sea World offer people an opportunity to see 
how humans can interact with these incredible creatures. 
ahh HOW did you get this job? this has been the job of my dreams since i 
was ten years old. i'm sixteen now, any suggestions for what classes to 
take in high school or college to get a job as close to these amazing 
animals? 
I would really love to work with dolphins or killer whales. 
สุดยอด
sonar*
Seaworld claims they are all about education. In what world is this even 
remotely educational? All it is is just a bunch of stylized stunts 
performed by humans and dolphins. It doesn't teach people about a dolphin's 
biology, social structure, use of sonaect. Because if they did, the vast 
majority of people in that stadium would realize that CAPTIVITY IS CRUEL 
AND UNEDUCATIONAL.
super 
Watched this show on Monday and I really didn't like it. Seemed a bit cruel 
to me.. with the riding on the dolphins backs (Plus one of the parrots hit 
me on the head!) Loved One Ocean though
Yes, while you train and captivate the animals. I cure them. 
I am one of the "weird acrobadic human bird thing ballet" Its rated the 
best show in the park witht he highest numbers! Greatest show I have ever 
been a part of. I love my job and enjoy it everyday. There is never a day I 
dont want to go in. We have extreme talent in the show with all the 
acrobats animals and trainers. Can you say the same for your job? 
i love dolphins
This is friggen weird.
Is this a bird video or a dolphin video? Mediocre at best!
THANK GOD FOR ANMALS!!!!!
im going to seaworld this next weekend, i sure hope this isnt still their 
current show :/ if i wanted to see people in tights and hanging on strings 
i would go to the circus :/ 
true but not all of them roxie883
i wish i work there if you want to get thumps up.
i thought i was going to watch a dolphine show now ballet on water / circus 
no ofense to those out there who like this stuff
I've always wanted to train false killer whales. They may be my favorite 
animal. Ever.
i actually saw this live two days ago... its actually pretty awesome... lol 
sorry for underestimating..... hehe
i actually saw this live two days ago... its actually pretty awesome... lol 
sorry for underestimating..... hehe
Sorry but talk after listen the movie the cove! than you wont like this 
video 
@PlinkBling5880, trainers are making $20-$30K annually. Before 2006, you 
would get an extra $5/hr in addition to your base pay if you physicallly 
swam with the whales.
I agree but my ambition in life is to become one of the shamu trainers btw 
how much do the trainers get paid
i can see why they still let the people get in the water with the dolphins 
but not the killer whales. you dont really hear of many dolphins attacking 
there trainers.
i want to go some day but just a dream 
@Shiver161 just skip from 6:20-11:20 lol wtf is the a circus at the park 
lmao 
That's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen.
Please stop buying into this propaganda put on by the parks to persuade you 
to part with your money! By visting and supporting these shows you are not 
only giving these beautiful animals a death sentance you are ensuring that 
they are tormented and tortured for the rest of their days. Ripped apart﻿ 
from their parents, their babies, their freedom and their happiness they 
spend their miserable days in a chemically treated water filled glass cage 
for YOU. PLEASE, PLEASE DO NOT VISIT THESE PARKS!!!!
I love dolphin shows but SSCS & other animal activists hate all animal 
shows, especially dolphin show is the main target. Watch "The Cove" and 
hate dolphin shows if you were animal fetish activists.
Man this show is so beautiful I wish I new what the song was called I LOVE 
DOLPHINS!!
soooooooooooooo delightful
Love this show!!!!! 
Beautiful
ummm.... i clicked on this cuz i wanted to see a DOLPHIN show. not 20 
minutes of a weird acrobatic human bird thing ballet!!!!
thanks man 
#1 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
fantastic beauty...
i ,3 dis show 
awww
looks really cool. thanks for putting this up.
That was cool!
hahah i love these :)
first
