close your eyes and it's ellie pushing merchandise﻿
Excellent. Perfect a friend of mine. Now all she needs is a rugged 
lumberjack father figure dressed in a plaid shirt and she's good to go.﻿
Why do they only ship to the us and canada? :(﻿
We want clementine jacket ! ﻿
Well to me it look's like an ice cream coloured jumper. Well if you like to 
look like an ice cream shop then go ahead and get it.﻿
I love her voice﻿
All the comments is about The hoody looking like triple flavoured Ice-cream 
or people who wants to be girls to wear this.﻿
Does it come in manly? ﻿
Ice Cream Hoodie!﻿
It can be worn by both genders﻿
Ellie is Neopolitan  ;).﻿
I thought it was supposed to be a jacket.﻿
Not for sale anywhere but NA? Come on Sony...﻿
Neapolitan ice cream... Yummy﻿
so this is what naughty dog became, a money hungry company﻿
Lol that's awesome ﻿
Hoodie looks great. Is Erick a Filipino? My pinoy senses are tingling.﻿
I can actually see some guy buying this and wearing it for real.﻿
Why must they sell this only for females?﻿
FINALLY :D﻿
Naughty Dog, design Joel's shirt for all these male fans!﻿
Oh ya pay 60 bucks for a 20 dollar hoodie and just cause it looks like the 
one ellie wore in the game that justifys the unjustified price.﻿
IT'S FINALLY A THING YES!! THANK YOU SO MUCH!﻿
That's not going to fit me.﻿
Quiero! Esa campera si es q no sala mas q una ps4﻿
GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG+  KKKKKKKKKKKK﻿
Oh Ashley, oh sweet Ashley I could listen to your voice and look into your 
pretty eyes all day long.﻿
Your kidding right? I can get the same jacked with different colors. This 
is a waste of time, i was expecting a logo or something. Maybe it was true 
that this devs are loosing money.﻿
If I saw a girl wearing this I would instantly love her. Its cool that 
Ashley is wearing it.﻿
Joel's shirt would be cool too!﻿
Neapolitan ice cream﻿
Musterbrand does a better job with game base clothing.﻿
Wow... Did they make Nathan Drake's desert clothes from Uncharted 3?﻿
Neopolatin, anyone?﻿
Look like a cheap normal hoodie from old navy or at target lol﻿
Just in time for Christmas also, I'll get this for my sister she loves 
Ellie alot and plays way more Last of Us then me so this'll be a nice 
surprise for her﻿
I have a sudden hankering for ice-cream now.﻿
Lol, made in china ;D﻿
Looks too clean. Throw it in some mud and guts. That'll make it legit.﻿
the real question is not "would it be weird for a man to wear this?" more 
like "what the fck are they smoking trying to sell a hoodie for 60 
dollars."﻿
How "Neapolitan" of them ﻿
!!!!!!!
I NEED THIS﻿
What is everyone complaining about? Its a Unisex hoodie. Meaning, both 
males AND females can wear it. I, for one, will be purchasing it, and will 
be wearing it proudly (I'm very comfortable with my sexuality). =D﻿
I'm a guy and I want that hoodie! is that wrong?﻿
What is Ashely Johnson doing in Naughty Dog studio may I ask ? 
;)


*BUSTED* ﻿
Was that actually Ellie?﻿
My question is can a guy use this because I want one﻿
I want Joel's shirt, but I don't think a shirt covered in clicker blood 
would sell too well.﻿
I'm buying the hoodie for my future daughter ﻿
Was it intentionally meant to look like Neapolitan ice cream?﻿
So who's this supposed to appeal to exactly? Gaming industry is dominated 
by males but yet this is a female's jacket﻿
I´m a man but... Shut up and Take my money!!﻿
Make an ebure and survive shirt, some factiojs shirts, the last of us tjtle 
shirt and ill buy all of em﻿
ASHLEY JOHNSON + ELLIE HOODIE = <33333333333333﻿
now i want icecream :)﻿
Make a man version ;(﻿
It's such a cute hoodie I want one :D﻿
OK that's awesome﻿
If you wear this you'll look like the ice cream tub that has chocolate 
vanilla and strawberry﻿
it'd be so easy Sony come and borrow money from Microsoft but no they are 
selling
hoodies Lol poor Sony one more year for the bankrupt  while Microsoft buys 
all the games around ﻿
Ashley Williams top tier waifu.﻿
Could somebody explain to me why this store is US and Canada only?
Naughty Dog games sold by the millions across the globe and have fans on 
all continents who would gladly throw their money at some decent 
merchandise.
Why Naughty Dog? Why?﻿
Makes me want Neapolitan ice cream... ﻿
Neapolitan Ice Cream?﻿
looool﻿
They have male models wearing it if you check the shop link and browse the 
pics﻿
While you are it Naughty Dog, please let us buy Joel's plaid button down 
shirt too!  ﻿
Sooooooooo 
I like this commercial better.
My phone can do all of this, what's the purpose of even making this?﻿
It's like the ice creams strawberry, vanilla, and chocalate ﻿
Now there is going to be a bunch of girls running around looking like 
Neapolitan Ice Cream﻿
If only I had a girlfriend... I think that would look pretty cute on any 
girl. If they don't like to wear it in public then that's something cozy 
you can always wear at home.﻿
THE LAST OF US <3
:)﻿
#under301club﻿
Lol, i want Joel's sweatshirt now.﻿
I want one!!! I don't care if I'm a guy XD﻿
Ooooo neopolitan ice cream my favorite﻿
im a man, would it be strange if I bought this and wore it?﻿
Geil﻿
M.A.G. 2 pleaseeeeee!﻿
